# Rant1965


January 23, 202

Messages in my inbox that continue to make me wonder.
.
.

1. When a stranger sends a message... 

"Please check my blog and tell me what you think."

Why would I want to do that?
.
.

2. "Please I want to learn how to write scripts, share some links that I can read online. And tell me the difference between screenplay, script, and trailer."

Don't you have a phone and data to do so yourself? Every definition is at a click of button. Stay there!
.
.

3. From a total stranger: "I want to be an actress, please connect me to so-and-so actress."

I imagine the person tweaking her nipples as she types. The sheer entitlement of that!

All the celebrities are online holding auditions upandan, but you are in my inbox waiting for someone to send you a phone number. 

Nigerians!
.
.

4. This particular one really confuses me...

"Hi Joy, my neighbour is beating his wife again. Please write about it on your wall so we can gather advice on her behalf."

Wow!
.
.

5. Again, a total stranger...

"Please my laptop is bad. I have N10k. Can you give me N75k from your abundance?"

Nigerians get mind. We get audacity, walahi! Lol!
.
.

6. This one is legendary...

"Hello".

That's all.
.
.

7. And the remix...

"Sup."

Wow! So much depth. O deep gan!
.
.

8. A total stranger...

"Plis call me urgently."

I'm coming. Wait.
.
.

9. The remix...

"Plis can I confide in you?"

Lol! Whew.
.
.

10. And the soundtrack...

"Please be faithful to The Boyfriend. Submit to his love and God will bless you. It's not easy to find love as a woman. Plis cherish him with all your heart. Thanks."

Eeyah! Don't worry, your own will come so you can apply your advice to your own relationship, and leave others alone.

😂😂😂
.

Na wa.