# Rant1946


January 6, 2020

This is the craziest thing that has happened to me as a screenwriter.
.

I was just about to celebrate a screenplay I finished in just four days!

I've had this story in my head for over a year.

I didn't know what to do with it, since I'm not ready to start shooting my own movies.

So I called one of my favourite filmmakers last week and pitched it to her.

She liked it, paid for it and told me to write it.

Because this story has been dancing in my head for a while... I couldn't stop writing when I started.

I turned an empty final draft page to a screenplay in 96 hours.

I wrote every hour. And when I paused for a meal or a call, the story tormented my soul.

The story wanted to be on paper (or screen page).

And I obeyed.
.

But just as I was about to write the last scene, my laptop died.

Battery.

And it didn't even alert me.

When I plugged it back on, final draft was telling me (that) it couldn't access my file.

Mo gbe!

I started laughing.

Then I panicked.

I was shaking.

I was praying to God and begging for forgiveness.

I was sweating.

There was no way I was going to get into that emotional space to recreate what I had already created.

That spirit has left my body, and I need to move on to another script waiting for me to write.

I died o! I died.
.
.

Then, all of a sudden, I decided to be still. To breathe.

I googled "how to retrieve corrupted files on final draft".

It told me to upgrade my Final Draft. I tried but it was asking for dollars.

Not tonight, Satan.

I checked another site for help. All the while barely able to breathe.

The site took me through a step-by-step process to recover my work from the backend of lost files stashed somewhere in my hard drive.

I did it. And over 30 lost files were recovered.

The first one I opened stopped at just page 35.

Nah, mehn! I have written 85 pages.

But I was grateful sha. I didn't want to complain.

I clicked another file. This one had 50 pages.

I clicked all 30 files, until I found the one that ended at page 74.
.

To say that I am grateful to the cosmic would be an understatement.

I am indebted to technology for fixing our simple lives with easy step-by-step processes.

I cannot shout.
.
.

With that sorted, I can now go on and celebrate finishing this script in four freakin' days, yo!
.

Who's your daddy? 😎
.
.

PS: pic shows half of the lost files recovered. Whew!