# Rant2015



March 19, 2020

Nollywood Vs. Nigeria
.

Everytime Omoni and I talk about her upcoming series, Last Year Single, she always says this...

"Joy, you are going to be very proud when you see the series. You will love it. I am giving this screenplay good production value."

Then she adds...

"When I direct, I always make sure the movie is better than the script. So just imagine when I have a good script."
.

You cannot begin to imagine what this means to me as a screenwriter. 

My heart is at peace.
.
.

This is the kind of assurance I want from my country - from the people who govern the state, from government. 

Especially at such dire moment as this - living in the time of coron.a virus.

You keep searching for hope and comfort from these leaders, and there's none.

Children died last Sunday... still there's nothing - just a gofundme attempt from government.
.

As a screenwriter, I just want a good director and good cast and crew to interpret the screenplays that I write.

Thankfully, filmmakers take my work seriously and always try their best with production.

Even when it falls short, they tried. I know because I understand the challenges of Nollywood. 

I respect Nollywood because this industry has shown me nothing but respect.

I love the industry because it first loved me.

I was ranting, like I always do, and getting into a lot of trouble with idiots and conformists on this platform...

Emem Isong reached out to me and said...

"Joy, you write so well and get people to react so passionately. You should be a screenwriter. Write a script for me."

That was years ago. 

Now here we are. 

If you took 80% of the opportunities at this point in my life, I would still be swamped with too many opportunities. 

But it all started because Emem Isong believed these rants that infuriated people were signs of screenwriting genius.

Why am I saying this?

The way Nollywood makes me feel, is the way Nigeria should make its citizens feel.

Hope. Opportunities. Respect. Empathy. Effective Communication. Best results.

It's all that we ask for as citizens - that the people who get to define the broader picture of our lives come to us with respect and truth... and room to grow.
.

I have stayed up all night writing screenplays many times. I started taking coffee that almost killed me because I wanted to meet my screenwriting deadlines.

I am ready to "die" for Nollywood, figuratively.
Because the filmmakers who reach out to me are the best human beings. 

I believe in this industry because it first believed in me.

Do you understand?

But as you see me so, I will not lose a strand of hair for Nigeria as a political entity.

It's a case of loving the son, but hating the father with all my heart.

Yup.