# Rant1952


January 11, 2020

My thoughts on how the ‘Ikeja-mall-side-chic’ woman should handle the issue:

1. I’m sure your phone is buzzing day and night. Blogs, TV morning shows, radio presenters all want you on their platforms to talk about what happened.

You are probably not picking their calls.

Wrong!

Pick their calls. Go for the interviews. Be in your best behaviour (like you exhibited during the attack). Be confident. Speak eloquently. Win the Nigerian audience.

Most importantly, decide whether you want to be guilty or not. Then build a repertoire on any option you wish to stick to.

Do you know the kind of mileage you will get sitting with Morayo Brown on TVC’s ‘Your View’? You can’t get it anywhere else. These interviews cost money, but they will put you on for free because you are the latest ‘sensation’, they need the content, the exclusive interview to gain traction, and you need it to grow your business.

Mass media reaches the Nigerians you should be talking to – a very well-defined orthodox audience. You need those people on your side.

Go on air with your best frock dress. Make your hair. Wear light makeup. Stay “humble” in a way that allows Nigerians to be comfortable and forgiving. Do not offend their collective lack of self-worth.

Become the sister who erred, not the proud stranger. They won’t forgive a stranger. They will always forgive a sister.

2. Your PR must first present you as a sister to Nigerians. So you can get comments like, “If it were your sister, shey you will not forgive her? Free the babe, abeg. Who haff not sinned should cast the first stone.”

Retarded as fvck, but it works! It always works. For your brand and scenario, that is the way to go.

Gather their sympathy and empathy, then monetize it.

This is your moment. OWN it!

The effect of this would be: Thousands of followers on your business platforms. More calls. A million sympathizers, which would be good material for your re-branding.

3. Oh! Of course, you have to re-brand immediately! You may not get this opportunity again to have Nigerians in your palm, thirsty for your side-of-the-story.

I beg you, don’t blow it up like Nigerians usually do when the focus is on them.

4. Think up an idea quickly for a PAID event on marriage, relationship, building family trust, addressing the other woman, building self confidence – whatever!

5. In the build-up to the event, encourage raw and honest conversations on your platforms. The goal is to ensure your page is the first page they visit when they wake up, and the last page before they go to bed. Let women bombard you with their tales of woe, and share anonymously.

Feed them content. And tell them why they need to be at your upcoming event.

You’ll be amazed the numbers that will pay and show up. And for those who cannot afford it, they’ll be stalking your page for all the gist.

6. Do a LIVE session for only a few minutes. Shut it down, then take lovely pictures. Get the feedback from your audience – as many as possible. That would serve as content for the next month.

Nigerians love testimonies. Give them.

At this point, you are sort of a 'shero'. Nigerians want to worship something. They want to believe in something.

Be that thing they can believe in before the next sensation pops up. Milk this shit.

Don’t even shake. Don’t be bitter. Own the tag: Ikeja-mall-side-chic. Own it with your chest. But don't call yourself that. Let others do the calling if they think they can shame you with it. Nah! Don't let it get to you. Wink at them. Rise above it every single time.

This is 2020, the distraction is crazy out there. If you have the opportunity to pause an entire country, you better come out on the other side famous or richer.

7. Forget the naysayers. They don’t matter. Gloss over their comments. Do not respond to them.

They are dying plants looking for water. You are water. Don’t water that plant with a response.

8. Come up with an e-book about the saga OR a book on relationship that deals with situations like the one you endured.

It has to be an e-book. Watch the numbers rise. They will buy. Milk it before they start sharing it illegally.

You have become a kind of religion. They will hate you, they will love you. They will look forward to all the things you have planned for the rest of the year.

9. Build a community of women who are insecure. Teach them and get them to buy any product you endorse.

That industry of insecure women is the biggest industry in the world. Find your niche.

10. There are a few tacky partnerships you may want to consider at this point.

Listen, your business is not Walmart. You are running a relationship and sex business in Nigeria, you will definitely be dealing with a lot of tacky endorsements. It is what it is.

So go ahead and partner with Jaruma. Partner with Kolaqalagbo. Partner with Suruka Nature’s Gift.

Tacky as fvck, but you have a goal – your goal is to leverage on the incident.

11. And when you are done with the collaborations, start your own product – something, anything.

I can go on and on, but this should keep you busy for months. Your publicist is one of my followers so I'm sure she will pass this on to you.

12. Polish the aesthetics on your page.

If you weren’t motivated to become the number one yada-yada matchmaking business in Nigeria…

Well, you have the opportunity now.

.

The last thing you should do is shut down your business or crawl into a hole.

Controversy is the new million-dollar advertising cheque.

All the best.