# Rant2022

April  10, 2020

Dear woman...

If the only thing you do in this world is reject Patriarchy in your dealings with men (and women), you would have done a great thing.
.

Imagine a fiance cheating on you, but instead of crying and becoming an animal who attacks anyone, you just dust your feet and leave the relationship.

You would have won.

Imagine packing your bag and never coming back after the first slap, nay second slap, in your marriage (just incase you thought the first slap was a mistake).

You would have won.

Imagine insisting to your family and in-laws and any other busy body that you and your partner cannot afford to have more than one child, therefore you refuse to be bullied to have another child eight years on.

You would have won Patriarchy. 

Imagine having a real conversation about sharing responsibilities equally in the marriage - from finances to cooking. Since you already work so hard in the office, just like he does, you insist equal domestic responsibility is only fair and the right thing to do. 

Imagine looking hot in your 40s or 50s and getting the kind of man society told you (that) you were too old to get, as they are reserved for younger women.

Laugh out loud with me, plis!

You are winning, girl! 

Imagine looking and living better than everyone who tried to shame you because you are a rebellious woman.

Imagine choosing the possibility of building a brilliant  career in your 30s over trying to settle down in an average marriage that demands all of your time.

Imagine saying no to having kids... because you do not want to be a mother, and society can go and take a nap OR find some other woman to pester.

Just imagine being your authentic self regardless of all of the mumuring and bullying of Patriarchy. 

Imagine building your identity away from your vagina. Imagine taking back your dignity from the stronghold of patriarchy and possessing full autonomy to redefine your sexual, mental, intellectual, spiritual, financial journey.

Imagine the ability to recognise yourself as an entity, away from unnecessary external influences.

Imagine having the courage to face the world without pandering to people's prejudices or seeking likeability.

Just imagine.

If the only thing you do in this world is reject Patriarchy in your dealings with men (and women), you would have done a great thing.
.

Patriarchy respects you.

He will never say it. But he respects you...

You rebellious, annoying, consistent, crazy, un-likeable woman!

You are the one the world has been waiting for.

Do not cower.