# Rant2009


March 12, 2020

I've watched many American movies where a protagonist leaves everything - and I mean, everything - to be present at a son's football event or daughter's salsa practice.

I get that these things are important...

But let's be reasonable: You will always have moments to celebrate your family...

But you may never have that business opportunity again. Ever.

And I just don't understand how I am going to cancel a meeting with Netflix, for instance, just to be at my children's bead-making event.

I don't know.

I'm not talking as an authority on this matter and I'm not saying this is the right thing to do...

But I just don't understand that kind of sacrifice.

My kid can always make beads some other time. 

If I have to be at an important debating competition in her school where she is the lead, and I have to be at a meeting with a bank to get a screenwriting deal, I would call up my kid, tell her to have a wonderful time on stage, and I will attend to my passion.

Maybe I'm too much of a realist, but I'd rather have more money to take her to Paris after she wins the competition, than be in the audience and lose money.

Because the thing about parenting is: the sacrifices never end.

My girls always win during award ceremonies in school. I've cancelled meetings to be at some of these events because I got the hint they'd be going home with almost 80% of the awards.

And I'm glad I was there for those moments. I won't trade that for anything because it made them very happy to see me.

But I lost out on business once because I had to be at a children's event. They went with the next best person and it kinda hurt because it was a lot of money.

I promised myself that would never happen again. My kids must understand. And this is why I build very good communication with my children. They have to understand how much I love what I do and allow me choose my passion sometimes.

But films always want to make it look like opportunities will always be there.

That's a lie.

Opportunities walk away very fast. Some opportunities don't come twice. We all know this, except you are under the spell of a manipulative religion that tells you silly lies of you being the favourite child of the universe with keys to more opportunities than you deserve.

Family events, however, will happen every time, especially if you have kids who actually win all the time.

Unless someone is dying, why give up an opportunity just to have dinner with the family?

And why do movies always make the character who  chooses to work an extra hour look like the antagonist?

If we stop working and are always available for dinner or events... how are we going to make money to even buy dinner?

Families have fancy dinners and lifestyle because someone in that family is working hard.

And they should make excuses for that person. It is the kind thing to do.

But you'll see a 15 year old white kid acting up because daddy did not come to watch him play baseball.

Daddy was working, abeg!!!

The one that annoys me is when the spouse who stays at home starts to guilt trip the career spouse.

I mean... if you are both present at baseball practice or event, where's money going to come for school fees next term?

I have heard of people who lost their jobs because they had to attend a relative's wedding!

I'm sorry... you lost your job for a cousin's wedding?

I can't understand it!

Your presence in the wedding is negligible. You are not the bride or mother of the day. You can always see your cousin later. 

Whew!

I don't know sha! I guess we are all different. 
.

And then this quote that says...

"Wealth would leave. Health would leave. Network would leave. Everything would disappear. Family is all that would be left."

I don't think these people even consider the crazy number of people damaged by family.

All these kids raped by family members that we hear about.

I mean... how can they relate with this instruction?

The quote is flawed.

Because if health is lost, life is lost.

And if life is lost, you die.

And if you die, it wouldn't matter if you have family or not.

You are dead. You are dead just like the man who worked 18 hours a day and was called a workaholic. 

My point is... everything matters - family, work and your time to stay away from everyone.

If you die, you die. It wouldn't matter how many family members were present on your deathbed.

Choose family. Choose work. Choose you.

But stop making people feel guilty if they'd rather take a nap than show up for junior's birthday party.

Junior is two years old, perhaps? Niggaa doesn't even know what's doing on.

Rest, abeg.