# Rant1997


February 23, 2020

I wrote over 20 scripts last year for different clients.

Omoni was just telling me yesterday...

"Joy, you know how many scripts you don write for me? E never reach ten?"

But these are series, and yet to be released.

She is seriously working towards shooting one of the series at the moment. I'm looking forward to it.
.

I'm really excited to be writing her big screen movie this year.

I love the way Omoni promotes her movies. It's good for everyone, including the screenwriter. 
.
.

If you haven't seen some of my work, you will find them on Irokotv.com and Netflix.

I have CITY CRIMES (Season 1 and 2). Wait for Season 3 and 4. Showing by the second quarter of the year on ROKTV (DSTV) and Irokotv.

I have LOVE POTION on Irokotv.com also.

And of course, Seven-and-a-half-dates is on Netflix.

My screenwriting resumé is dope.
.
.

Screenwriting is my life. And I am so excited to enter into other parts of filmmaking - acting, directing and coordinating. 

But when I see a blank Final Draft page - my goodness...

I feel alive! 

Sometimes I even start to cry, then I pray, then I say to myself...

"Murder this page, Joy. Murder it."

I leave blood everywhere... and people get to talk on set how "Joy murdered this screenplay".

I am happy to be doing what I am created to do.

This is my authentic life, my vibe.

I can't wait to share more of my art.

As the filmmakers release them, I will share them here. Yes!
.

Currently, I've been booked to write a 60-epsiode series.

When I get the money, I'm moving to Cape Verde for a month.

I just hope that place is as good as they say, if it isn't I'll jump on the next plane after a week. LOL!
.

Cheers to a new week!