# Rant2031


April 29, 2020

I know I am a bit of an oddball, but try and understand this matter from my perspective…

Last holiday, I went through my children’s phones and deleted their attempts at engaging with their peers on social media.

Attempts, I say, because no real conversation had started.

Ife hadn’t even started talking to anyone, but she opened a social media account and put a picture of Paris there. I deleted the account.

Jolade had started a very simple conversation with some of her peers, I read it – nothing wrong with it at all, but I KNEW that if this is encouraged any further, it will evolve into uncomfortable territories..

I am a writer. People pay me to create believable dialogue, so I KNOW these things!

I shut down all of their attempts to engage online.

Like I said before, I do not see why teenagers should be on social media OR be in a group all by themselves sending messages.

Teenagers are bored most of the time. They think they are immortal (especially boys), and they have no real idea of consequences.

So I protect what is mine as much as I can.

I do not need anyone to remind me how to raise my children!

I am an adult. I am a parent. I know what to do!

.

So this brings me to WhatsApp groups we are supposed to be part of because we have no choice – groups like Teachers/Parents groups.

I talked about a parent sending over 10 videos yesterday to the group.

For over two years, the admin of the group constantly reminds parents not to send messages that incite or aggravate.

This parent sent 14 videos yesterday!

The platform is also used to send information about subjects and online participation for students, so I have to be there. I have to hear the beep of my phone.

This parent was trying to advice us to watch our children and instil the right morals in them, and so she made a video of herself sharing her thoughts in 14 parts!!!

But really, do we require 14 videos to tell us a simple truth about teenagers and their desire to experiment?

One video would have been enough. And if we are being civil, the videos should have been sent privately to the managers of the school and they would decide how to distribute them if at all it is necessary.

I do not think it is necessary.

The aim of this type of behaviour is to cause panic. This is not good for my mental health. I don’t like anything terrorising my peace. And this is what the parents (NOT the teachers) of the school do all the time with their intrusive messages on WhatsApp. 

You care so much about Nigerian children, but what are Nigerian children contributing in the global space? The children who we think are wild and carefree at the ones building the next big technology in developed societies.

I refuse to be part of this kind of parenting that thrives on panic. I reject it! And I deserve peace in my life!

I know WhatsApp thrives on sensationalism, that is why I am not in any group on WhatsApp, neither do I entertain any flippant conversation on WhatsApp.

ONE video about children misbehaving is fine! 10 – 15 videos are downright disrespectful to others who do not engage in clickbaits.

I have given myself a sheltered life away from the effects of people’s actions because I cannot can!
.

I read a tweet this morning: “We must protect our religion at all cost!”

These are the types of people we have to live with in a world that insists on connectivity – dangerously so.

When you read something like that, you know that you have to build your “walls” even higher.

Consider others when you decide to be a merchant of sensational panic-stricken news.

We don’t need half the information we get. I shut down everything – and I mean, everything.

+234 Facebook can burn down today, but I’ll still be here, because I know how to build my walls.

But I don’t have that privilege with WhatsApp. I need to be in that group to get information for my children…

But must it cause me my psychological and emotional wellbeing?

NO!!!

Be kind to others. Keep your unhinged desire to cause fear away from people who do not have the bandwidth for it.

I do not have the bandwidth for it!

I do not badger anyone to receive information, for that reason I do not deserve to be locked in with people who think it is OK to barge into my personal space ALL THE TIME to share things I do not need.

The only information I want from that group is from the SCHOOL, not the parents!

And if you think a video of you talking to yourself is a do-or-die affair, the right thing would be to send the videos to the school and the school will decide how to share the videos.

Hopefully, they leave me out of the equation.

I know how “Nigerian parenting” works, I do not want to be part of that clique.

We are here in this world for a short time, respect people