# Rant2011


March 16, 2020

There's a bit of panic shopping in Accra. 

At first, I was going to jump in - take a shower and hurry to the mall and shop away my fear and anxiety...

But then I paused and said to myself, "No. I will not fret".

Instead, I took a shower and watched Anna Wintour's Masterclass. 

She's amazing.

Later, I took a long nap.

When I woke up, I went straight to my laptop and wrote an episode of a series.

I'm going to the kitchen now to make fried yams and eggs.

I am embracing my powerlessness and helplessness.

I am accepting that, as a human being, this world is largely beyond my control.
.
.

A mother sent her child to America for first-class education...

Now the child has coron.a virus.

You work so hard to give you and yours the best...

Yet danger is lurking everywhere.
.

People leave third world countries - with all the disaster and uncertainties here, yet die by stab wounds from a petty thief down the alley of a first world country.
.

At some point in your life, you will accept your limitations as human beings.

You can only do your best.

But you are helpless and powerless most of the time because you have no real power over policies...

But more importantly, you have no real power over life.

You can only try, but it will take an explosion or a virus or a disease or an accident to change everything.

We have no power.

This is God's checkmate. 

You will run around the chessboard of life, and things will happen around you that you have no control over.

You live a healthy life in Australia... only for someone who eats LIVE hyena for dinner in Chin.a to cause your death by introducing the world to a new vi.rus that spreads like the wind.

Life is annoying.
.

Your kids go to school, only for poor policies to cause their death.
.
.

I cried like a child for the better part of yesterday after I saw the video of the children dragged out of the explosion in Lagos.

I cried so hard, I had a headache. I spread myself on my floor and cried like I was auditioning for a dark film.

I am tired.

I think it was 2014 I told God that I was tired of being afraid. Let life happen. 

I conquered fear. I really did.

Now I am tired of this powerlessness and helplessness of being human.
.

I have decided I will do my best at every opportunity I get. And then I will relax and drink mango juice.

If we perish... there's no amount of anxiety that can stop it.

In this life, I have done my best.
.

PS: Anna Wintour's Masterclass rocks, by the way.

*sips juice powerlessly*