# Rant1986


February 8, 2020

Warning: This rant is all over the place o!
.
.

If men could be women, they will monetise relationships.

Men monetise everything.

How, for instance, do you have 22 men running around a pitch and at the end of the exercise, they lose weight, look fit... and go home with millions of euros every freaking week?!

Think about it!

Men will turn the most mundane activity to a money-spinning machine.

I don't joke with men o!

I feel so sorry for the majority of women who think men are "babies".

I feel utterly ashamed for women who say things like, "men need our strength to see them through life".

I am chuckling at women who believe "we are the helpmeet of men, we are meant to guide them."

Bwahahahhahah! 

Sis, men don't need your guidance. They know exactly where they are going.

Helpmeet ko! Helper ni!

Men can do bad all by themselves.

Men know how to win.

They know how to use women to inspire themselves to win.

Men know how to use love, marriage and sex to be great.

Men are not weak!
.
.

Why do you think broke guys insult women who want to be with rich men?

Why?

They need to rid you of that thought - the thought of using money as a tool of power and for greatness.

They hate that you would monetise something you enjoy...

Because that is what men do. They believe it is their privileged right to enjoy everything and make money from everything.

Men pay for what they enjoy. That is why side-chicking isn't going anywhere.

Life is boring!

Do you know how fvcking boring life is?

Kissing one woman for ten years? 

He begins to feel like he is kissing his sibling (or she begins to feel that way too).

不不不不不

I know women hate to hear this, but your man cannot be taken away from you.

Men are too smart for that shit.

If they leave you, it was their plan to leave you.

Men are the most POWERFUL species in this mudafucking world.

They were bestowed with authority and they have walked in that path ever since.

They will NEVER relinquish their position. 
.

Men KNOW what they are doing!

If they act confused around you, it is for a reason. 

They are smart.

Men know what they want more than women can ever comprehend.
.
.

I love women who will boldly say money is what they want from a man.

That is freedom in its totality.

That is confronting Patriarchy and telling him, "Shame me, it is water off a duck's back!"

Patriarchy hates all women...

But Patriarchy is afraid of a woman who is un-ashamed.

"Ah! How dare you not have shame?!!! What shall I use against you if you have no shame?!!" He bellows.

Top that with intelligence, and Patriarchy will try to recruit you to be a man 不不不

Because he understands value.

Congratulations! You have finally monetised one thing in a world where men monetize everything...

Your engagement with men.

Many of them waste your time, anyway! They should pay for your time.

You are not monetising sex, that's ratchet and ugly.

You are monetising the intrinsic and extrinsic values you bring to the table.

It might be something as flippant as the sound of your voice. Or something as powerful as your presence and your depth.

But don't try this at home. In other words, don't try this with your Facebook celebrity boyfriends and their blockus-sucking supporters.

They still need basic things from life.

They need Busayo to bring N50k to add to their rent so they can move to Sango. Then they will not let us hear word...

They haff found love.

Love that does not hask for hanything. Love that his pure and hamazing.

Why? Because this "lover" does not haff sense, which is just perfect for the level they hare hin at the moment.

LMAO!

Men are wise.

If you forget anything here, remember: men are wise.

If a man sticks with you because you do not judge the relationship based on money, that is his own way of using the relationship to his benefit.

That can be said to be his own method of monetising that relationship. 

It's deep, I know. But one day you go understand.
 
These men are currently monetising relationships too - dating women of certain professions or desiring women with drive... all for the purpose of becoming better. 
.

I mean... think about boys who try to sleep with girls after buying one Mr. Biggs meatpie and one bottle of Sprite for her.

There is an exchange they believe should happen at that point. 

In other words, "monetisation" is taking place even when YOU, the woman, is too dumb to see.

He expects something in return for the meatpie he bought for you.

Yet these niggaaz complain about the exchange when they normally set out to enable a trade.

The issue now is... why monetise your body with one meatpie, when you can monetise your presence - the full essence of your being?
.

Have you seen a man who wants a woman? 

My goodness! The earth stands still until he gets what he wants.

Men have audacity. They have a plan, always.

You too have a plan!
.
.

Hoodrats will say, "why don't you go and make your own money?!"

We are making our own money - lots of it...

But we are taking men's money too.

Patriarchy, ntorr!