# Rant1962


January 22, 2020

Women feel they have to turn to therapists for other women.

If you do not have the emotional stamina, don't do it.

You will sink right into the same pit.

It is not your job to heal other women.

Some of you need serious healing yourself.

And I know giving healing to others heal you in some ways...

But I will not recommend a hurting woman turn to a healer. You only transfer the pain you feel to others in the guise of healing.

Sometimes the best thing to do is be quiet and let the other woman heal on her own. Do not interfere unless she asks you personally for healing.

Me? My best therapy for women in my circle is zero judgment.

I do not judge women. I don't judge women living their lives, becoming and un-becoming, and trying to find meaning to their womanhood.

You can count on me with that.

I will never judge you. Never. Unless you are a criminal, of course. 

I will understand your pain. I  will listen. I will buy you lunch and dinner...

I may have nothing to say, but I will never judge you. 

The only thing is: I can't do that for too many people. I don't stretch myself thin. I look out for my own emotional wellbeing first . 

I do not suffer from a messiah complex. I have no desire to be a saviour.

But if you respect yourself and wear your dignity right, I will be a friend to you. A good friend.

Nonetheless, I have met some women who are amazing when it comes to being healers. I believe it is a gift, a level of grace you must have to be that way...

Women like Bola Awe and Biodun Stephen are great comforters. It is not forced, not compromised. And they do not speak from a place of personal hurt. They truly care for others beyond themselves.

I have NEVER been vulnerable with anyone in my life the way I am with Biodun. Never.

No one has ever seen me in my most helpless state except her, and The Boyfriend. 

I know my vulnerabilities are safe with her. I know.

It's grace. Not many people have it. Don't give yourself to heal others and then die under the weight of the grace you do not possess.

I give general reviews and women-centric opinions that surprisingly heal women. It is not intentional. My rants are probably the only thing I am not intentional about. But it heals. My rants take a course on their own and heal women everywhere.

Definitely not deliberate.

So that's it. I stan women.

Except pick-mes.

Pick-mes are the only grade of women I do not want to have anything to do with. You know those ones who start bashing women because there's a d*ck somewhere they are hoping to please.

Yuck. Please geddifok.

I don't consider them women. They are the foreskin of a man's penis.

The part of the organ in need of circumcision.