# Rant1938


January 1, 2020

On The Morning Show starring Steve Carell, Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon...

When Mitch (Steve Carell) was suspended on the show, and was advised to let go of some of his properties, he scoffed at his agent and said it was unnecessary because...

"I make more money than God."

A morning show anchor.

Not the creator of a popular app, not the CEO of the biggest retail corporation, just a TV host (of course, with all endorsements, partnerships and opportunities considered in the country he operates in).
.

But here in Nigeria, Toke Makinwa has had a radio show spanning a decade, a TV gig, movie credits, endorsements and a marketable social platform that allows alot of collaborations happen...

YET numbskulls will be asking how she is able to afford her lifestyle.

What lifestyle, you wonder?

A lifestyle that can pay rent on the Island, travel to Abu Dhabi and run a thriving bag business.

That is the lifestyle they are questioning.

She doesn't own a yacht. Doesn't own property in Eko Atlantic. Doesn't drive a Bugatti. Doesn't own her own radio station.

Yet her lifestyle is questioned.

One of the most popular faces of pop culture in a country of millions of people... Yet these insects find it hard to believe she can afford a bougie lifestyle.

Whew.
.

I have always said this, and I will reiterate...

I feel very sorry for anyone who shapes their life and decisions based on the opinions of average Nigerians.

You will not find a more desperate, poorly enlightened crowd in the world.

You will not.