# Rant1964


January 22, 2020

Confession time!!!
.

I've never said this before, but I want to know who else acts this way...

I have to be attracted to someone in an office to work there longer than a few months. 

Attraction feeds my motivation for a 9-5.

See, day jobs are hectic. In Lagos, day jobs are hell. 

You wake up 5am. Enter traffic for two hours. Work long hours. Then enter traffic again for another two hours back home.

Rinse and repeat.

I can't live that routine without a strong desire, magnetism and charisma as a spur to action.

I cannot thrive without desire.

And there's no way I can dedicate my time to  a 9 to 5 if there isn't a kind of magic or sexual energy that exists.

I can only motivate myself for so long, running around another person's company without a certain level of energy in the air that I have no control of is no fun for me.

I know. I know. Weird o!

I don't know if it is a creative thing for an artist.

I get bored too easily.

If it is not sexual energy, at least someone of the opposite sex with a brain that works that I can respect. And good smell. And just all round bad ass!

But they don't exactly exist. That is why we create these characters when we script movies.

It also narrows down to my mindset about work -  I believe I am there to help the company, and all you have to do is give me money as exchange for my value...

It is not do or die. And you are not doing  me any favours. It is a worthy exchange. Respect is a turn on.

Perhaps I think this way because I am a creative person. I hate jobs that are regimented.

Sex is different from desiring sexual energy around you.

It is always better when it remains unfulfilled even.

But I don't like unfulfilled anything. So there.
.

Anyhoo, I've always wondered why I get bored so easily with 9-5. Why I always take long breaks from day jobs, then return, then try again, then return and try again... only to get bored all over again.

Everybody is sweating in Nigeria, so there's no attraction anywhere. People sell their integrity for agoyin beans every day, so no way to feel any sexual energy.

And when they open their mouths and you hear their opinions, you just want them out of your work space.

That level of attraction that will make me stay  thrives around dignity, decency, wit, good smell, and a sense of direction.

You won't find them in offices.

You won't find them anywhere, actually.

That is why I don't last very long anywhere.
.

First, I am a misanthrope. I can't deal with people.

Again thank God I am a creative. I only have to deal with a bunch of people per time.

But dealing with people daily without any kind of attraction is tiring for me.

It's weird, I know. But I'm sure someone else feels this way.

I know you are shy to admit.

Don't worry, I have shared this for the benefit of all the weirdos like me.

You are welcome.
.

So all of you bleating about not dating in the work place, relax biko.

Not everyone is a banker. We don't do routines.

Some of us cannot survive 9-5 without sexual energy (which obviously doesn't have to translate to sex).