# Rant1987


February 8, 2020

Coffee is bad for me.

I only started taking it this year.

The first cups in January kept me alert all night because I needed to do more writing. 

I am swamped with commissioned scripts.

But in the last two weeks, coffee has had a terrible effect on me.
.

Last night, I felt like my heart was dropping.

You know the effect a plane suffers during bad weather? That heavy drop that happens to the plane when the weather is cloudy, and what it does to your heart as you clutch to your seat, waiting for it to stop?

That was how my entire night went.

I felt I was going to die, because for the first time, I had no control over my own body. 

My heart kept dropping like an aeroplane experiencing bad weather!

I searched for explanation online, I googled more facts about coffee, and it was unsettling.

Caffeine messes with your blood pressure.

I don't need decaffeinated coffee, please. I am not in love with coffee for coffee sake. It is strictly for alertness, especially all night so I can meet my script deadlines. 
.

When my heart kept dropping (only way I can explain how it felt)...

I thought about my kids, and I said I'd send a heartwarming message to The Boyfriend to kindly adopt them and take care of them. They are good girls, and in only a matter of years they'll be done with school and he'd be proud to have been part of their support system.

The next thought that crossed my mind was fries and eggs...

No kidding. 

I would really like to have fries and eggs one more time before dying.
.

But I woke up this morning, still alive 🤷🏾‍♀️

Ah well! Back to work then.

I've got scripts to write.

No more coffee though. 

And that goes for alcohol too.

I googled and discovered that alcohol increases high blood pressure.

Last night was my first encounter with the symptoms.

So I'm back to being a teetotaller.

Bailey's and all the milky luxury are out too.
.

I also notice that coffee messes with my skin. Since I started taking it, my skin gets dry quickly.

Nothing is allowed to mess with my skin, please!
.

It's good to still be alive, I guess.

My kids need me...

And my world needs to see more of my art.

So there.
.

Have a good day, y'all.