# Rant1996


February 22, 2020

When I get a message on social media and I want to know the person…

The first thing I am interested in is their occupation – their area of knowledge and expertise.

Then I look at their pictures and the kind of captions they come up with to determine if I am about to follow a delusional drama king, a smart individual, a dullard, a foolish misogynist or a retarded pick-me.

But first, I always check what they do for a living.

Always.

.

If I meet you, the first question I'd probably ask is: “what do you do for a living?”

If you don’t like it, I am NOT sorry.

Your profession determines conversation and drives dialogue towards a direction. I HATE conversations that are not rooted in real experiences and knowledge.

If it is not centred around what you do or what you know from what you do, or how what you do shapes your world view… then it’s empty talk, and I will kill myself before I engage in empty talk with anyone – just talking for the heck of talking and enjoying the sound of your voice.

No.
.

It is always going to be about what you do. Always.

I am not interested in getting to know anyone’s “genuine spirit”.

Bitch, your genuine spirit should be rooted in service. And service is determined by WHAT YOU DO FOR A LIVING or what interests you and drives your calling.

You cannot determine any Nigerian's "genuine spirit" until you see what they do with money and power and a bit of clout.

So shush! Your spirit is not genuine, especially when you are the one promoting how genuine your spirit is.

We will make that decision when we know how you apply yourself to life - through service rooted in occupation.
.

Men who gather at the vendor’s kiosk near the bus stop to talk and analyse business and politics, for instance…

None of them MAY own a successful business running into millions, nor do they occupy political positions.

Their conversations are interesting, and sometimes they sound very informed...

But they are mainly artisans and struggling workers or old or hopeful or bored or broke or passionate but not passionate enough to execute…

They don't even buy the papers they talk alot of opinions about!

Empty talk.

If you are determined to have conversations rooted in experience, then it is a waste of time to engage them because all that talk isn’t going to reflect anywhere nor will it change the course of the nation or even their community.

It’s time-wasting. The exercise of talking to people who cannot influence anything at all is time you cannot get back.

So to ensure you use your time well, check their bio and what keeps them busy every day.

If you have a problem with that and you have tales of people who want to commit suicide because someone “sized them up”…

Then all I can do is shrug.

It makes absolutely no sense to me to be offended by the question.

You think they are sizing you up?

Let them. You still have power to determine what you do or give to them, if at all they are interested in anything from you.

After sizing you up, you are in control of how you want the relationship to grow.
.

If you drive an expensive car, I'm going to ask you what you do for a living.

If you live in a beautiful house,  I'm going to ask you what you do for a living.

And you're not going to get away with "entrepreneur".

You are going to tell me what you do.

And if we meet another time, you will tell me how you do what you do.

That is conversation.

And that is the kind of conversation missing in our society.

If you can't, then you shouldn't be talking to me.

I don't want to talk to people who are ashamed or cautious or whatever other emotions they feel about where they are in life.

There's nothing you people will say that will ever make that question un-woke.

Someone shows up with a Bugatti in church and a greedy ass preacher is laying hands on the niggaa's head without asking the most important question...

WHAT DO YOU DO FOR A LIVING?

It is a valid question.

And you should ask it the moment you get curious about anyone seeking your attention.

"It is unfair because you are sizing the person up nyen nyen nyen..." 🙄🙄🙄

Get over yourself, please.

You are probably a butcher, a mechanic, an accountant, a pole dancer, a gym instructor, or a CEO of a Fortune 100 company.

That's it.

You still do not have the job of Jesus - to save the world.

So what's your stress?