# Rant2037


May 12, 202

"My man did nothing wrong, he only robbed a gas station. Release my niggaa."

I saw this somewhere and I laughed.

He did nothing wrong... robbed a station... give me back my nigga.

African American women are vibez 😂😂😂
.
.

See ehn, Nigerian women are in this Olympics with African American women...

But, I kid you not, you can never wi them.

You will try, but even in your worst subservient position, African American women will beat you to it.

These women have no expectations from men.

The question is: how low can you go?

I bet you they can go lower.

AA women go the extra mile.

In this Longsuffering Inc., they are the CEOs.

Patriarchy founded that company and gave them the keys to the office facing the ocean.

Your office, Nigerian women, is downstairs next to the storeroom. You are Sales Reps.

AA women remain your bosses, and they come correct.

Their swivel chairs are made in Bedlam.

The cushions at the reception were imported from Maelstrom.

The office appliances are from Bangarang.

These CEOs speak fluent Rumpus. And their best-selling product is an app called "I Love Him".

They have many customers. 

You may want a promotion in this company, but do you have a degree in Pick-Me Academy or you obtained your certificate from a community school?

There are levels to this thing.

You are mere errand girls for Patriarchy. You still have small shame.

But you see AA women, they have no shame left. They hold successful board meetings with Patriarchy over coffee. They are partners in the prejudice against themselves. 

They are, by far, the best employees of this corporation. They sprang, fully formed, from Patriarchy's loins.

Levelz.