# Rant2021

April 5, 2020

OK!

So, I've been thinking of all the businesses I can start with... 

"You Mad? Bake Cake".

T-shirts. Seminars. Newsletters. Book. Speeches. Movies.

Definitely!
.

I've not had time yet. I'm yet to scratch the surface of the opportunities of that title. But there are many opportunities in there - many! And I am going to get all of it.

Just watch.
.

I'm thinking of dedicating an entire year to pursuing projects and a ministry around it. I've had plans to trademark it.

There's alot of money I can make from it.

I mean... it's what Americans would do.

A man slaps an American and she will build an entire career around it - speaking engagements everywhere.

An American loses his job and he builds an entire speaking business around it, writing books about it, raking in money!

I don't think anyone ever baked them a hate cake and gathered plebeians to applaud.

I definitely have a better edge than anyone.

I know this.

You must be crazy to think I'm ever going to let a huge opportunity like that go to waste.

I've been drawing up an entire plan around it. But I've not had time to follow it through because I've got to write, eat, sleep, fuck, travel and glow.

I just need to get to a level of recognition and appreciation in screenwriting. Then the next goal is to build an entire brand around that title...

"You Mad? Bake Cake."

Life dey come in phases. One-by-one. All of it will come together.

It's all deliberate. 
.

I've been putting it aside for a while, but I've been motivated presently by the trolls to pick it up again and make it into Art. This time money-making Art.

I will. It is part of my plan.

Let us survive covik-one-nine first.
.

I plan to share this story with even my grandkids.

I'm going to be that 85 year old woman who's hanging out with friends and from nowhere blurts...

"Do you know someone baked me a hate cake?"

"Oh wow," they'd exclaim.

"Yes," I'd say proudly. "It was - um - 55 years ago."

"Amazing!"

"It was on an app called Facebook."

"I remember that app."

"I bought this house from proceeds of the ministry I built around the Cake."

"Wooooow!"

Then I'll fart and complain about waist pain from too much laughter.
.

We shall all be alive to witness it.

In the mean time, let me kee you with my bbea