# Rant1955


January 13, 2020

Someone is in my inbox smoking weed and asking the question:

"Joy, will you choose to be in a polygamous marriage?"

Of course not.

I don't want to be in any kind of structured relationship.

Every day, I am convinced people should live freely.

I am fully behind any form of marriage that will not turn women to beasts at Ikeja Mall.

I simply HATE the way Nigerians demonize Polygamy. It makes no sense to me!

I'm here thinking... but you all have relatives who are polygamists nah! So WTF is this snobbery about?

Ehn?! Suruka ati Obiageli ati Risikatu ati Eghosa... what is this snobbery about? With the tribal marks you got from a polygamous home... what is your problem?

That's what I can't stand.

It's so fvcking pretentious.

Your father has three wives for gods sake!

And if he doesn't, then your grandfather did.

Or your uncle. Or your grandmother was a fourth wife to her second husband.

So what is this self hatred about?

And who says we want to be in polygamous relationship before we can accept that YOUR monogamy is a joke?

It's the same way we neglected our traditional method of worship because we were sold other religions.

People worship idols in church - money is a form of idol worshipping in Pentecostal churches, and Catholic churches are even more elaborate with their own form of worship of ceramic depictions of the holy family.

But we have a problem with traditionalists?!!
.

Our culture has always accepted gays and trans and cross dressers. We didn't need LGBTQ (per se) to tell us to accept the next person. We have always accepted minorities in some ways.

I used to hear about men who loved to dress like women when I was a child. Stories my mum would tell me about her life growing up in certain parts of the country.

First world labelled the act an abomination. So it became an abomination to us.

They are back now to tell us it is no longer an abomination, and like zombies, we are trying to adjust.
.

Some day, they will receive the rhema of Polygamy, and you will all begin this incredible woke journey back to something you have always had but failed to accept.
.

I don't want any kind of marriage.

You are the ones awestruck by the touch of a man's hand on your head... playing love in the garden.

I have The Boyfriend - he is ten husbands rolled into one, and I will still not marry him.

E go pepper una.
 .

We are not trying to position ourselves for Polygamy.

You must be silly to even conceive it.

We will love, fvck, travel the world, be adored and make money out of institutions that define YOU without US making definition from these institutions that turn YOU to a lunatic.

That's how bad bitches do. That's how we give The Patriarchy the middle finger.

Remember I am not your WCW.

Don't project your starry eyed confusion on women who know what they are about, plis dear.