# Rant1953


January 13, 2029

If you've done PR for as long as I have in Nigeria, especially with women as your main clientele...

You'll realise that people are afraid to be great.

It's shocking, but it's true.

They want it. They dream about it. They have the resources for it...

But deep down, they do not truly believe they deserve greatness.
.

I worked with some elite women last year, signed an NDA so it is important not to even mention who they are or what they represent...

These were rich women, kind, impressive, intelligent, beautiful, smart women...

They have excelled in their careers, and they were thinking of some kind of rebranding. 

They wanted something fresh in their lives. They have the money, so that wasn't the problem.

They wanted ideas on what they should do as women who wanted to jump into the culture and participate in cultural, social and lifestyle conversations.

They wanted to contribute to the molding of a new era, and be visible.

One of them is a silent follower, and it was she who introduced me to the gang.

When she sent an inbox message, I couldn't believe it was the person I thought it was.

She is quite known in a more structured environment, but as she puts it... "I am bored. I want to try new things."

So with that I was paid to represent them. I came up with ideas that we could implement.

The meetings were always so refreshing, so respectful, so terribly kind and open.

But when it came to actually deciding what we should do after they approved the PR plan I sent... the excuses were many.

And they kept with the excuses for the entire year.

Imagine being on retainer, but your clients are still too afraid to start anything you proposed.

When I realised the problem was fear, I knew this was going to be hard.

I started sending motivational emails to them every single morning - empowering lines that were tailor-made for their fear.

Instead of being a publicist to women who wanted to do amazing out-of-the-box things... I became a PA, sending inspirational quotes and helping them re-write their memos and business letters et al. 

They were many lunch meetings and fine wine, but no execution.

I felt truly sad for the entire period. They were such amazing women, but stepping out into new territories was so frightening to them, even they were shocked how scared they were to proceed with ideas they loved.

In essence, they were paying me too much for a job they were afraid to do.

It was my very first real encounter with what fear can do to people.

Because I cannot relate with fear of that magnitude.

It is sad, and I worried about them, not only because worrying was part of the package of representing a client, but I saw genuine women who were so afraid to step up and be seen.

They were afraid to take up space. Sigh.

Beautiful women o! Skin like silk. Good manners et al.

But fear is real.
.

I want things to happen this year for anyone who wants things to happen in their lives.

Do not let fear win this year.

Do it. Wait for the consequences - good or bad, be prepared. Win. Fail. Try again. Be genuine. Accept your magic. Be excited. Just do it.