# Rant2012


March 17, 2020

1. Gbenro and Osas are divorced. 

2. Osas has been thriving since then, non-stop.

3. Women are happy.

4. Recently, Gbenro flaunts a new woman.

5. Women are upset.
.
.

I am not a fan of Gbenro AT ALL... but pray tell, why are you upset that he has a new woman?

Shouldn't we also expect Osas to have a new man?

It's like this monogamy is a recurring rash in some people's anus.

They keep talking about... "he will regret this".

Regret what exactly? Leaving one woman for another? How?

He's a big boy, he can handle his shit.

He probably won't regret anything. That's a fact.

And neither would she.

Monogamy is the cross you want to die on. It is your delusional route to misery.

Don't project it on others.

The assumption that one would "regret" leaving a partner is laughable.

We overestimate ourselves alot.

There are hardly any regrets beyond the fact that there won't be regular sex or fresh fish pepper soup every Friday...

The deepest regret most people feel is financial partnership in a union.

That's why you need to sign all the sign-ables before getting out.

And that's me sounding rich... many married peeps are broke as fvck anyways.

There are no regrets except they are exaggerated.

Loneliness is an exaggeration sometimes. 

You are just bored.

Read a book! Or go learn salsa - or something.

There's more to life than waiting for someone to regret anything.

They don't regret jack! Sorry!
.
.

I have never regretted ending any relationship.

And I don't want anyone regretting leaving me.

All I want my exes to do is gedifok.

That's all.
.

The ones that annoy me are the trolls that go on a sympathy tour to the woman's page, projecting all of their personal issues on her.

"Don't worry, he will regret this. He will look back and gnash his teeth. He will not find anyone like you. What he feels for that other woman is lust. Nonsense."

Comments like these have nothing to do with Osas.

These people are simply extending their own experience and pain on another woman's story.

They do this every single time.

They did it to Blossom Chukwujekwu. They attacked him mercilessly, yet the niggaa is blossoming like a flower with his talent.
.
.

Osas is fine. She is living her life. You don't need to feel sorry for a woman like that.

Feel sorry for yourself. Have you figured out your purpose in this life?

She has. She is a brilliant actor.

Worry about yourself. Heap your sympathy on your own head. You need it more than she could ever.
.

Gbenro, apparently, is doing fine too.

So cure your rash with an ointment. Leave them alone to do life as they want.

Stop looking for slaves in the territory of queens.