# Rant2034


May 8, 2020

I will always remember that the first woman I met when I came to Accra was a feminist.

A vile, condescending, insecure wretch.

She told me I couldn't earn more than 1,500 cedis.

🙄🙄🙄
.

The second woman I met was not a feminist. 

A kind, intelligent, bougie queen.

She told me I could earn up to 15,000 cedis and more monthly. 

She was the one who made me BELIEVE.

She didn't wear a label to suggest she could empower me. She just did! She empowered me!
.

When that feminist saw I was living the life she thought I couldn't have in a new country, she blocked me!

🤣🤣🤣🤣

Ahn ahn! You don't want me to PEPPER you?

You don't want to see what a bad bitch can do?

Imbecile!
.

I came to a new city and these Ghanaians wanted to drag me.

Ahn ahn! Still very shocking. 

Committing the same offence they claim to be fighting against.

Phew! BLOCKEDT!!!

Go and die!
.

There's this other one who was always posting my rants on her wall and promoting some of the most idiotic banter around them. I WARNED her in her inbox.

You don't have the range, stop sharing my posts!

E pain am. She became instant enemy.

*mscheeeew! Roach. She was jumping around that other feminist wall trying to sub me when I was ready to drag all of them like small gen.

Felicity something-something.

I see her hovering around Nigerian feminist walls these days. Cringey. 

Why do they practice this feminism like bed bugs?
.
.

I will say it again...

Leave these African feminists and go find your Tribe.

They don't know anything.

You are a rebellious woman. These one are learners where you stand. Go and conquer your world.

Give them the tag, let them chew on it. Leave them to keep fighting over the right plate to serve fufu and the right cutlery for tea.

I know great women, they are not one of them.
.
.

I am here and I am still standing.

I will write your stories