# Rant2025


April 17 2020

Yoruba witchcraft is easy.

Your enemy suffers for one month, made to confess, then he dies.

And then the person who did the jazz dies, say, one year later because he forgot to add salt in the gbegiri every day for ten years, as he was told, until the spirit is assured the enemy's death is fully registered in hell.
.
.

Igbo jazz is straightforward.

Everybody dies. With domestic animals too.

Both the one who did the juju and the one who stepped on it. 
.
.

But you see Edo witchcraft, it is very strategic.

It takes its time, and the torture never truly ends.

You are laughing, but you are dead.

You are alive, but you are carcass.

You are forming woke and cool, but you are constantly afraid of your shadow.

It may seem like you are succeeding... it is waiting in the shadows to hit you at a time you have something to lose.

It doesn't destroy so soon.

First, it will let you live long enough to watch the folly of your actions.

And when you think it is over, when you think the world has moved on... 

Edo witchcraft has only just begun. It will inspire tragedy in the enemy's camp that spreads with such expertise that allows for personal grief, sickness, loss and pain.

You'll realise almost all your accomplices are struggling with a personal tragedy.

It's simple - you are burdened with someone else's problem. You inherited it the minute you bore false witness. 

Edo witchcraft doesn't kill. Death is too easy. 

It damages your soul.

It keeps you entertained with the misery of your friends. The sorrows and worries just never seem to come to an end.

And then when it is bored with the sorry lives of your accomplices and friends, it will follow you home one day and live with you for the rest of your life - wrecking havoc everytime you try to exhale.

But first, you must watch your friends constantly traumatised.
.

Edo witchcraft is not a curse. A curse can be revoked.

It is that speck of dust that stimulates a cough and then spreads across your body as an infection, destroying every single cell, yet you will not die.

You shall live to "testify" to its affliction without remedy.

That is what makes it so special.

Edo winchy is the inescapable agent of your downfall.
