# Rant1951


January 10, 2020

Hei God!

That was how I was scrolling down my timeline, I saw my travel agent was promoting a trip to Cape Verde for Valentine's Day.

5 days on the Island.

I saw N499,999 for sharing a room.

Na so I jump o!

I called her immediately and told her I want to book a trip for me and my bestie, Prisca.

Then I called Prisca and asked...

"How much do you have?"

"For wetin?" 

"For a trip to Cape Verde."

"Hian. No money o!" She exclaimed. 

"How much you fit get? Everything is N500k."

She said she could get N100k at the end of the month.

I say no wahala, I go pay the rest.

We started to scream happily on the phone, shouting "Cape Verde here we come!"

I told her to send her passport bio data page.

Then I went back to the travel agent and said I'll pay ASAP.

Then she said, "OK. That will be N1 million."

Ehn? N1 million?

Apparently, the promo stated N500k EACH.

My heart sank.

I didn't even feel sorry for me, I immediately felt sorry for Prisca.

Why?

Because I raised her hope, and in less than 30 minutes I dashed that hope.

I'm sorry, babe.

E go happen one day.

But feel free to come to Accra anytime.

My house is fine and Accra has some nice resorts where we can have cool fun. Light dey, peace of mind boku, life sweet there.

Make I spoil you small.
.
.

Chai! This Cape Verde pain me gan! 😭
.
.
.

PS: 

But later I started laughing...

E be like say na bank I wan rob wey go make me believe say Cape Verde go cost N500k for two persons - on top hotel, tour, food etc.

Na my papa Island? 😂😂😭😭