# Rant1947


January 8, 2020

A white man opens a studio and employs 100 writers. 

He dedicates an entire structure for the creative process. 

Yet the world will come for him, claiming he employed only three black writers in a crowd of 100.

He would be called a r.a.c.i.s.t.

He would be badgered to explain and apologise to black people all across the world.
.
.

A black man, named Tyler Perry, opens a massive studio - like none you've ever seen.

This black man doesn't hire any writers - neither black, maroon nor white.

This black man who has the POWER to change narratives, empower hundreds of black people, which will ultimately empower black communities across the world...

This black man CHOOSES instead to write all his scripts by himself.

YET this same black people who tear down "white" studios are making excuses for him, defending him!

Tyler ignores the creative process of the art of moviemaking, shuns the enormous talent amongst black people, and dedicates his time to do a job he is terribly BAD at doing.

Terribly. Bad. At. Doing.

Bad!!!

He constantly regurgitates the same mess he wrote the last time, watering down the process every single time he puts pen to paper, getting even worse with his writing and creative contribution to black society.

White people pay him no attention because white people do not have time for rubbish. They will not even honour a discussion about him beyond the fact that he owns a big studio.

Black people continue to support him, of course.

Because at all at all na im bad pass. 
.

But when these black people need jobs, they go and harass "white" studios for not hiring enough black writers.

Tyler pays actors and a production crew, only because Tyler cannot be all the actors and all the cameramen on his movie set.

If he could, he will empower no one.

This man refuses to empower the people with ideas, because like a black man, if he can do it why should he pay others to do it.

So he sits his billionaire ass on a chair and writes stuff - like The Oval, contributing immensely to the ridicule of black people when the world shuts their doors to discuss/gossip about blacks.
.

Black people, nay Nigerians, are defending this nonsense - like they defend every nonsense.

"YoU dO nOT HaVe tO wAtCh tLyER pErRy mOvIEs"

Please shut the fvck up!

Your greatest ambition is to find bread to eat and build a mansion and brag about it on social media.

You and your one track mind. Shut up!

Some people care about the cycle of creativity, productivity and the consequences thereof.

Shut up with your... "iF hE is sO bAD hOW cOmE hE iS so rIcH?"

How come Buhari is your president?

Idjats.
.

I am ashamed of that man.

But I am not surprised.

We want to hang on to colonialism every time we talk about black under-development even amongst blacks in first world countries...

I have always said this, and I will say it again...

Black people are under-developed because the black man looks out for only himself - and his immediate family.

That is all he cares about.

Let the roads be bad, as long as I drive the latest most rugged SUV, I am good.

That is black success.

And if you cannot see the connection between that attitude and what Tyler does...

Well then you deserve the life you have.
.

And yes, fuck you - you beggarly black person with no voice, no standards.

It all makes me sick.