# Rant1961


January 21, 2020

A man who has always been rebellious, finally finds the kind of woman who endorses rebellion, yet we blame the woman for the actions of a full grown man with a working brain.

People always like to assume men are weak in making decisions.

If men are weak, how is it that they rule the world and are the most prominent gender in world development. 

They are in charge of every sector of life, and the world has evolved under their leadership for centuries. They are also smart to ensure women don't get half the cake.

A gender we assume to be emotional weak cannot continue to protect its territory like men do.

If their minds are so weak that they cannot decide something as simple as choosing to remain in Frogmore cottage as royalty OR move to Canada, dying to experience life with less constraints, how is it they (men) are world leaders and have managed to move the world forward on good days, and backwards on bad days.
.

We also underestimate a man in love and what he is willing to do – not necessarily for the woman, but how the experience of love makes him feel, and what he is willing to give up just to continue to feel that way.

I know we give very little regard for feelings, but even when we try to make Love seem like a rational decision, even logical choices and assessments are made by FEELINGS.

My point is: men should not be reduced to toddlers when it comes to love. They have their heads screwed on just fine.

A man who wants to be a fool in love, makes that decision to be a fool with one woman.

If he wants to be an asshole, he does so with his mind fully intact.

At least, Meghan is not a Nigerian to be judged as a wit.ch, using jazz to scatter his brain.

This couldn’t possibly happen to an Oba’s son without Nigerians claiming he was jazzed with the feather of a rare duck and a red piece of clothing tied to a rag doll or something.

This man has always been rebellious and has always wanted to be free.

You all just assume that he is needy as Nigerians who will hold on to any position that makes them feel better than the next person.

You all just believe everyone must appreciate being born into royalty.

Some people are bored. Some people don't care too much about the frills. Some people want freedom at any cost. 

And when they find a good excuse and someone to endorse their weirdness, they will jump at the opportunity.
.

Talking constantly about a prince and his wife just seems so lazy to me, sincerely.

I mean… we don’t even have potable water to begin with.

How do we quench this thirst for lack of productive banter?

Where do we find the energy to judge people who will never have to worry about the exquisite lifestyle for the rest of their lives and that of their children?

Pfff!