# Rant2038


May 14,200

I didn't enjoy the story, The Great Gasby. 

I liked the production, but the story was bleh.

I didn't like The Notebook. That movie remains one of the best love stories of all time, but it wasn't my beans.

Pretty Woman had no plot twist whatsoever. It was straightforward. The pretty prostitute met the rich man and he eventually fell in love and changed her narrative.

It doesn't get simpler than that. Yet it remains evergreen.

"Isoken" had Jade Osiberu as director, and that was what saved it. The story isn't special, by any means.

Action stories, like Extraction, just needs the latest hottie with biceps and blue eyes to make it a winner. It's all the same.

How many romantic stories have the protagonists running through an airport trying to finally tell their love interest how they feel?

How many?

Twenty? Fifty? One hundred?

The beloved Notting Hill had the same premise.

King of Boys was too long. If Kemi had listened to Nigerians, there'd be no way she would have the guts to release a non-comedy movie as long as that.

But did it bang or nah? Of course, it banged. Nigerians loved it. Now peeps refer to it to make a point.

Aquaman was a mess. But was it a huge box office success or nah?

Money Heist is telenovela with guns. But the audience swears it is the best thing since Titanic.

Morale of the story: every script, every movie has its audience.

Of course, they'd always be good and bad scripts. Just as they'd be good and bad production.

Have you noticed Hollywood doesn't even bother with twists anymore?

They write witty dialogues, get a good director, fix the lighting, and bring in the hottest actors in their pay grade.

Nobody goes "aaah!". We simple say, "brilliant" or we hiss.

The only people still bothered with twists and turns are Italians. They will "mashure" one day.

Stories are personal journeys. They have emotions.

Emotions are fickle. Sometimes just a glass of water can change your mood about something.

You cannot rest your art on opinions.

People don't really know what they are saying until they know what they are really saying.

And when it comes to art, your job is to do it anyway and prove them right or wrong.

Still your art wins. That's the beauty.

1 + 1 equals 2 in Maths.

1 + 1 is anything you want it to be in Art.

Know your art. Trust y