# Rant1993


February 19, 2020

Have you encountered passive aggressive Patriarchy?

It is the worst kind of sexism/misogyny.

As a woman, you are not sure if it is all in your head.

You know, these issues you want addressed. The burden of tasks that define you.

You begin to doubt yourself.

Maybe you are exaggerating this issue, you know?

Maybe it's not that bad.

I am here to tell you it is THAT BAD.
.
.

Take this cooking brouhaha, for instance...

Passive aggressive Patriarchy says:

"What's the big deal in cooking sef. Anyone can cook? Won't a woman feed her family?"

Four things:

1. It is a big deal because cooking takes time. And the currency you need on earth is Time. If you spend that much time in the kitchen, it denies you time to pursue other things.

I used to cook. I was a very impatient woman in the kitchen. I would take all the shortcuts to make edikaikong soup.

I would cut all the leaves in the market, and grind all the grind-ables in the market, so all I had to do was put everything inside a pot when I get home.

YET, I'd spend two hours stuck in the kitchen, and another one hour cleaning up, and another hour exhaling.

Four hours gone.

Do you know how many pages of screenplay I can achieve in four hours?

I had to restructure my life.
.

2. In many middle-class homes, women work as many hours as men - brothers, husbands, fathers etc.
And they bring in just as much money. It is the gift of a technological/internet age.

But the only thing that hasn't shifted since the introduction of an age that allows both genders to be equal partners at work, is the domestic part of the family structure.

More women spend time in offices and businesses, but more men aren't spending time in the kitchen, cooking for their wives and children.

That's a truth. Anyone who disagrees is deliberately being obtuse.

Only the poor has not been able to make that shift.

And sometimes, I believe people on Facebook are addressing the poor when they talk about the dynamics of family in Nigeria and who has enough time to cook in a home.

You can't be talking about middle-class homes and be sprewing this crap. You don't know what you're talking about.

Even for the poor, this argument is disingenuous because poor women work their asses off trying to make a naira, while some poor men are known to take from their wives the little they have.

Yet these women have to slave in the kitchen for their families.

It is not typical to find poor men in the kitchen making food for their wives, even when he isn't making money.

When he does, his entire world praises him. This shows he is doing something exceptional and should be applauded. But his wife bringing in money to the home isn't ever seen as exceptional.

She is supporting the home, she is told.
Shouldn't the man be supporting the home too by making the shift closer to the kitchen?!
.

Cooking is a JOB.

If you believe it is not a job but a chore, then everyone in a home should cook.

But this is not the case. And this is why cooking should never be made to look like a simple issue some women are always yapping about.

See, I don't have any bone in this conversation.

I stopped cooking, period!

Of course in Accra I have to "cook", but that's not the kind of cooking we are talking about - making fries and eggs and microwaving soups from Nigeria.

If we stop being so insensitive, we'd realise alot of women cannot pursue their dreams because culture/religion/society and all the woke and un-woke peeps on the internet insist cooking isn't such a big deal.

If it takes hours of your time, it is a big deal. 

Some husbands have never cooked. But in that marriage the wife is also financially responsible for the home as much as he is.

So how come she can support his traditional role, but he can't. And when he does - once in a year - he is applauded to be doing something great.

You know, he made chicken stew on Easter Day.

It's insulting to our collective intelligence to act like cooking is not a burden on women.
.

3. If anyone can cook, then why isn't everyone cooking in a home. Why?
.

4. What "we" are saying is, in 2020, it shouldn't be just the woman's responsibility to cook in a home. 

Everyone should find their way to the kitchen and cook. Just as everyone is working and making money for the upkeep of the family.
.

I would HATE to discover that my daughter is the only one who cooks at a home she decides to have with a man.

I would HATE that greatly.

A man shouldn't cook once in a while, when it is convenient. He should cook every other day, have a schedule at home and cook as much as the woman does.

It's really that simple.
.

We all know what Adeboye is on about. We know he is clearly pushing anachronistic agenda...

But you all want to play it down and make it look like food is essential so it shouldn't even be a debate.

It is a debate because your entire femininity is dismissed when you cannot cook. 

Cook, in this case, means enjoying the process and being able to make as many pots of soup with your eyes closed.

Only one gender does the bulk of cooking in a home and this is not right.
.

We know how odd it would be to enter a house and find a man cooking while the wife is in the sitting room watching a rom com.

However, we do not hold that same reservation when we discover a woman makes just as much money and works just as many hours as her man.

The bias is startling.

Nobody judges a man who cannot cook. A woman can lose her entire identity just because she cannot cook. 

So what's tea?!

Stop this lazy defence!

Don't come and make it look like cooking is not a big deal.

Like I said, I have no bone in this conversation.

I have created my own reality.

Now, you'll have to tell me how not cooking makes a woman less of her complete self.