# Rant2030


April 23, 2020

There are no receipts, you say.

Huh? No receipts? Are you blind? Go through Ijeoma's wall again.
.

It is unfair to gang up against him, they say.

With all the accusations?

But, this nigga has led and orchestrated many mob actions on Facebook. Many!

He has dragged men for sleeping with women. Dragged women for sleeping with men. Dragged people he has never met.

This niggaa sews cotton, linen, silk, lace, satin, nylon, tin, metal and paper to make a garment of lies all the time.

No one has tried to stop him. No one asked him for receipts when he staged wars. No one. He is brutal and unforgiving. An angry man. You all cower. 

They cheered him, applauded him and then he crowned himself 'Sub King'. 

Animal farm style.

First, he acts like he wants to save the world, then he becomes the monster the world has to save itself from.

All these years, no one approached him. He used an iron rod to dictate the ways of his republic. And they obeyed.

So now, someone is ready for that war he has always bragged about. And she came with RECEIPTS - chats and women who shared their stories...

Yet that is not enough?

What do you want to see - the nude pictures he took of the woman he slept with?

You know why this isn't enough for you? Because some of you are comfortable with the status quo.

You are comfortable with that beast being a beast. You are used to it. It's familiar territory. To shake that up could rattle your own sense of security or beliefs.

Y'all keep yapping about receipts. What receipt is bigger than people talking about their experience?

What receipts did they have on R.Kelly, for instance? 

 What about Bill Cosby? 

When TIME magazine had all the pictures of women who spoke up against Cosby, did you find any other receipt beyond their stories, chats and witnesses?

Or is it because we are dealing with a nobody here?

If your retired sub king was a celebrity and someone started an unveiling of emotional abuse, blackmail, scandals and verbal/physical abuse, will it be so casually received?

Think Ebuka. Kunle Remi. Peruzzi. Fire boy.

Will you ask for receipts beyond the words and screen shots of his guilt presented by others?

What receipts did you get from Busola when she accused Fatoyinbo of rape?

Why did you believe she was speaking truth? Was it not for the voices of other women that followed after?

Did it not pass through social media justice before heading to court?

This is Facebook and your debauchery is gated and contained to some extent...

Do you know the storm this would become if it were to jump on Twitter? Do you?

Receipts?!?!

A bunch of women have spoken up. Your niggaa is waiting for it to die so he can continue his e-life...

And y'all want to gaslight the incident.

I mean... are y'all going to pretend we don't know the kind of person we are dealing with? This monster!

Bring all the cases he has spearheaded on this platform, and you'll realise his "crime" is weightier than all of them put together.

But you want receipts. What receipts does a niggaa ask for when he collects N3k to write subs for others?

See ehn, you may write with the handwriting of gods, it still does not mean you have sense.
.

There's a psychological treat that happens after an event - when people pick the remnants of the situation and try to review it. They remove themselves from the incident as much as their ego and faux objectivity would allow.

But they still manage to show where they really stand without really taking a stand.

It is bants, but since it comes after the main event, it is getting the attention of guests waiting for their cabs.

It's like a pill you take after a great party. You are always going to remember how you felt when you got home - the nasty headache and blurred conduct afterwards.

It was a good party, but that pill gave a different narrative to your experience.

Don't take that pill.

It was a good party.

And it had to be done.