# Rant2013


March 17, 2020

I wanted to start a company for screenwriters, and I did.

First I started Writers' Inc.

Then I upgraded to Write Culture.

I was paying rent and salaries... and that nonsense they pay on the Island called "Service Charge" that ran up to a million - only service charge o!

I was spending a lot because I really believed this day would come when there'd be so much work and we can all be "rich". You know?

BUT...

The only script I wrote with other screenwriters has been the ONLY script rejected by the client.

I'll say that again...

The only work I have done that was condemned was the work I wrote as a team.

That says a lot.

One year later, I decide to re-write the script.

I made the offer to the client.

And I still have to give credit to all five writers... even when their attempts may be completely erased from the final script.
.
.

My intention was never to sit in Accra and live like a queen.

My initial intention was to grow young screenwriters.

And I have always fought for the writers in my care. Fights and losses they will never know about.

Still it was never enough for some of them.

But I'm done with all that now.

I am indeed writing badass screenplays all alone in the serene, bougie part of Accra.

And I have zero regrets.

Also, I have no desire to start any company again.

If Nigeria doesn't kill your business... the people you employ will.

I did not sign up for pain in this life.

My ultimate desire is to be a baby girl...

But I happen to have a fvcking brilliant mind...

So we make magic instead.
.
.

PS: Oh! There was one more script I wrote with a team in my company. That one I would also suggest to have another look and edit thoroughly when the producer is ready to shoot. It's been over a year. Whew!