# Rant2028


April 20, 2020

Your friend was accused of drug trafficking...

You came online and wrote, "Did she kill anybody?"

In that same breath - that same week - you cursed single mothers who wanted to own and celebrate Father's Day.

You didn't have harsh words for a "criminal", but you are quick to drag single mothers for celebrating on a day reserved for dads that they decided to own anyway.

You insult the parent who stayed for having the audacity to celebrate a day.

A day is a fucking social construct, for gods sake!
.

You have insulted Lola Shoneyin for not admiring the people YOU admire.

Who the fuck are you to decide a woman's worth based on the people you believe are worthy of applause?

You continue to lower the bar for any riffraff to have access to you, and find yourself fighting wars that you should sit out, if you have any emotional intelligence.

You keep disgracing the grace of the good Lord upon your head.

One minute you criticise someone for not denouncing her enterprise, the next minute you are protecting a depraved friend, using diversionary tactics, grasping at straws.

Come up for fresh air, you are drowning!

For shame!
.

You are quick to call out people who are not in your inbox or a call away seeking friendship... but will play the hypocrite with your head in the sand and your whole body still out in the open when it concerns people you like.

Ostrich!

You think we are here for likeability?!

Have you no shame?! Is this the imprint you want to leave at a time like this?

You will not articulate nonsense in this season of unveiling.

If you do, I will jump all that smart English you scribble and call you what you are - a fucking, shitless hypocrite!

Are you not tired of being a simpleton, when you have all it takes to be greater?

Tu fia!

What is wrong with you?

You have one job - SHUT UP!

Or you can try to resist this and be a typical Nigerian and try to "pepper us" with your stupid epistles coloured in foolishness.

Not all of us are impressed with big grammar.

I will speak creole with zero finesse and still communicate better than you.

Have shame!!! Help yourself this season and have shame for once.

You write endlessly about government, but I pray people like you never get close to power.

The sheer nepotism and corruption that will take place, and perfect whitewashing thereafter!

I shudder!
.

Feast on your words, because soon it will be all you'll have left.

Gosh!

I tried so hard not to make this about you!

We want to focus on Ijeoma. She is the only person that matters right now.

Stop trying to steal the moment with your useless take.

Get out of the way with your lousy gibberish you call posts. Put your head in a toilet bowl or whatever.

Just get lost!