# Rant2008


March 10, 2020

Yesterday, at Accra Mall, I was shopping for groceries...

A hot dude was looking my way. 

My heart skipped for a minute.

He smiled and started walking towards me.

I quickly distracted myself by pretending to be reading something on the shelf.
.

He came to me and I could smell cheap cologne.

I was ready to forgive him for such poor taste in perfume... because he was that HOT - smile, abs, dark chocolate hotness.

Whew!
.

So he is standing in front of me, and I'm thinking he's about to say something about my gorgeous short hair, or my dimples, or my short dress, or just for being so cute and pwetty without makeup 😁😂

However, what dropped out of his mouth was...

"Hello, would you like to buy my CD?"

Ugh!!! God!!!

These people are here too?!?!

These niggaaz who go to the studio, sing a bunch of stuff, burn them in a CD and go to malls to sell what they think is music are here?!!

NO, niggaa!!!
.

I mean... I'm not knocking anyone's hustle, but you can't look like Mawuli Gavor (Ghanaian actor) and be selling CDs of you trying to become a musician.

What the entire hell!

That niggaa couldn't be anything younger than 32. 

With looks like that he would enter places others would need to work twice as hard to get in.

Hian!
.

Why do people not take physical attractiveness seriously and make it a form of capital or investment?

I've always said this: if you are physically attractive, that is a form of social capital you can build. 
.

I told someone I was with a long time ago how he could build on his capital with his looks. I mean, you already have an edge, why are you so afraid to promote it?

Intelligent people are not afraid to work at jobs that show off their intelligence nah.

So why are pretty people afraid to be pretty and invest in it?

Is it because people are jealous or just generally bitter towards beauty?

Mehn, fvck that o!

There's no excuse to be so eff-ing hot and be sleeping under a bridge.

If you look a certain way, trying to get into doors or expecting people's attention shouldn't be hard. But not by selling 3ghc CDs, abeg!

The attention average peeps will be trying to get with their big heads and short legs and general physical unattractiveness... physically attractive people easily skip through that phase.

So help me understand how a Mawuli look-alike is selling his CDs at a mall, crashing into spaces he is not invited to, talking to people who do not want to talk to him on those terms?

How?

At least the ones in Lagos look like they should be selling mediocre CDs with their mouths and heads like something Thanos smashed in a hurry.

Ugh! 
.

As I was driving back to my apartment, I kept thinking how anyone with those abs could rely on CDs so cheap as a means to anything in this fast-paced world.

He will make account to God o! Walahi!

Because, as far as I am concerned, he buried his 12 shillings Jehovah gave him to prosper in this world.
.
.

By the way, nowhere in this post did I mention sexual capital.

I don't believe beautiful people should end up in bed with anyone they do not wish to be in bed with.

If you are pretty, life has naturally solved 40% of your troubles. Walking through important doors and grabbing attention should be easy!

Just improve the other aspects of you - social capital, intellectual capital etc.

If you cannot succeed with beauty... then there's a problem.

The world is skin-deep and you got the looks. So what's your excuse fa?!

See Johnny with head like tortoise succeeding in Tech, business, fashion, banking, consulting etc.

And you with natural good looks, given to you by Jehovah to make your path smooth... what are you doing with all that free capital?
.
.

PS: Just incase you don't know the gorg actor I was making reference to, here's Mawuli Gavor for your viewing pleasure 👇

PSS: I'm super glad to learn he will be featuring as a delicious character in one of the series I wrote.

😍😍