# Rant1968


January 24, 2020

Sugar mummies are trying o!

So you have sex with a younger niggaa and still give him money?

In this society where Patriarchy is king. In this same society where sex is presented as a reward and honour only to the man's effort...

This society where they easily use sex to shame you as a woman.

This society where sex diminishes you... where everyone and the wall gecko is policing your vagina.

You will have this sex that reduces your value in the eyes of all the institutions that prevail... yet bring out your money and give a man?!!

Wawu... wawu... wawu... goes the ambulance.
.

So they shame you with sex and still shame you for buying flight tickets and paying for hotel room and giving pocket money.

Wawu... wawu... wawu... goes the train.

I mean... we've read these sub stories on this platform. 

You are using your own hands to enable the same society that loves to see you cower.

You are feeding the same society invested in your shame. This society that loves to silence you.

Na wa o!

Do you know how many women are ghosting on social media because they are afraid some dude is about to shame them with sex they had?

Do you?

Sex they both had o!

Sex that everyone is having.

This same sex is a tool to reduce you to nothing, steal your voice and lock you up emotionally.

This same sex... yet you add insult to injury and reward sex with money...

Two effective tools they can use to disgrace you.

Wawu... wawu... wawu... goes the newborn baby.
.

You people are trying o! Walahi! You are really trying!

You like pain.

You really like pain.
.
.

If I date a younger man, he is still the one to take care of me o!

I was going to have sex with one many moons back. We went to a restaurant and niggaa just thought that I would naturally pay for dinner...

A 14,000 naira dinner.

I told him to pay for his dinner. Dude said he didn't have money with him. 

Then I asked, "then why the fvck are you eating if you cannot pay?"

I change for am immediately.

We were supposed to have dinner then go have some fun.

But nah! I cancelled the fun. My sexual energy disappeared immediately.

Broke children of Patriarchy get no love from me.

Go and meet your daddy! GTFOH!

I made him transfer that money!

I think I shared this story before.

Someone who will still brag to his friends that he smashed a hot 40-something year old woman. Me, I will now use money to cushion your bad behaviour.

Haba nah! 

I mean, I can't control how men and Patriarchy see women. Unfortunately, I am heterosexual so this is the gender we are attracted to.

But you see money...

God forbid that I will use my hand to flog myself like a Zee world character.

Extraordinary stupidity everyday!
.

You should not enable your own shame.

Even men who will swear to respect you as per "feminist male" tinz... they will still latch on to Patriarchy when the time comes to disgrace you.

See ehn, you are either smart as a woman OR you are dead.

Think!