# Rant1989


February 14, 2020

There are reasons I don't do Ads on my page...

1. Your market will blow. You will have way too many customers to meet, and you may not be equipped to meet their needs. 
.

2. These customers don't know you. They don't necessarily care about you. 

But they know me on social media and they buy YOU because they "know" ME. And they believe when it appears on my wall, I am endorsing the business.
.

3. I don't have robots as followers. These are real people who engage me daily in my inbox. I owe them TRUTH. 
.

4. They buy because they believe me. Your job is to make them believe you too by providing good products or service.

If you fail at this, it affects your job.

But most importantly, it affects my reputation.

Do you fvcking get it?!

And if I am going to go down, I refuse to go down based on mere Ads on Facebook!

A chunk of thousands of naira is not worth my peace of mind.

This is the reason I have refused to take Ads for years even when my inbox was bursting at the seams for Ad requests.

People have even paid in advance for Easter and Father's Day, et al.

I am sending all their money back.

When I advertise your business on my page and you provide shitty service or product, it comes back to me!

They don't go to your inbox, they come to my inbox lamenting! Like they should.

I made them believe in YOU with my fvcking flower words. I made them buy from you!

Do you get it?!

It is your job to live up to the hype. If you can't, you mess everyone up - including me.

And I won't have that.
.

One company, based on my Ads, ordered 25 products this Valentine.

Twenty five!!!

And their expectations were not met. The products were poorly done, the packaging was horrendous.

The entire thing, a flipping shame!

The woman is angry in my inbox. Of course, she's trying to be as kind as possible chatting with me... but I can feel her pain.

She ordered 25 products from the business because I advertised the business, which means I trust the business. And I can't fault her.

This. Is. Why. I. Do. Not. Take. Ads. On. My. Wall.

You can never meet the demands if your products appear on my wall.

Never!

I know my followers!

I know this. I have run personal businesses on this page. Even I couldn't meet the demands at some point. Nonetheless, I tried to keep the quality of the business right.
.

So please, unless you have your shit together...

Keep your thousands of naira. I don't need it.

I do not want to defend any business I have no bones in.
.
.

Regarding the 25 orders requested from one company based on an Ad they saw on my page...

Kindly accept my apology. I profusely apologise. This is so heartbreaking even for me.

I know if it were me, I would lose all my calm, but here you are still being kind to me even when 25 products turned out poorly.

I am sorry.

And I will ensure you are compensated by the business in question.

My apologies again.
.

PS: I am a busy woman!

I don't have time to mediate on poor services rendered.

This is why I refused Ads on my page for a long time!

I only agreed this year.

And I'm already getting into issues with businesses not matching the hype.

Free me, y'all.

Regards.