# Rant1976


February 3, 2020

If someone does something good to you, thank the person and move on.

Do not drag other people into your thank-you note.

Whew!

We are so cantankerous in our spirit that our only approach to gratitude is to present it with slime...

Our only way to appreciate one person is to drag another person down.

Why?

It's sickening.
.

So Salewa bought a house for you, abi?

Great!

Thank Salewa and keep it moving.

An example: "Thank you so much for this beautiful house, Salewa. You are amazing and I love you."

Period.

Do not thank her, and then compare her to other friends who are not as nice as her.

Example: "Salewa bought me a house! Can you believe it?! You are amazing, not so many people are amazing as you. They spend all their time being selfish and mean and wicked and jsisooskslakjwuwi."

If your mind works like this, you are a narcissist.

Salewa wanted to buy you a house... the rest of your friends do not want to. It doesn't make them bad. They don't just care enough to want to get you anything.

You, however - being so great and all, can teach them how to be like Salewa and BUY them all houses....

They can then take a cue from your kindness.

If you can't, then let it rest. You are not doing great either.
.
.

Another kind of vile position is when we congratulate a woman for marrying a "brand new husband" - one without an ex-wife or kids - considering she (the woman) isn't a "brand new wife" - whatever this means *cringe*

"Congratulations, Rita. You married a brand new man. Not like others who are pretending to be happy in their second marriage with step children everywhere."

And you, Rita, will acknowledge this nonsense. 

Whew.
.

Thank your friends, congratulate your friends, and fvck off. Leave other people out of your sermons.

Just say thank you. It can't be that hard.

Don't be a Nigerian witch on about a simple gratitude.

Our mothers did that alot, you know?

"Ah! Thank you, Nkem. Thank you! See what Nkem bought for me. Shebi Caro came the other day and did not buy anything."

"See your sister! See how humble she is. But YOU always trouble-trouble. Your life will be hard."

Pfff!

This dissonance in communication is very common because the Nigerian spirit is always in turmoil.

There's always that struggle...

To be grateful to Nkem and Salewa OR to use this moment to remind everyone else that they need to step up and be like Nkem and Salewa.

Nobody needs to step up to be anything for your sake.

Friendships come with expectations, if your expectations are not met, then go!

Don't turn the entire exercise to a course on Witchcraft. 

Let us know if we are here to thank Salewa on your behalf OR bash other people who do not care enough to have the temperament and spirit of Salewa.

If we are here for the former, good!

If we are here for the latter, bye!