# Rant1959


January 16, 2020

Wait!

Who started shaming single mothers on Father's Day? Who?

Was it not Nigerian married women, powered by angry millenial boys and twats, engineered by deadbeat fathers, sauteed by dumb pick-mes?

Who. Started. Shaming. Single. Mothers. On. Father's. Day?!

A woman raises her children all alone, and she decides to crown herself a father too...

What is your fvcking business that you would ever call her names?

She is the parent who stayed!!!

She stayed! You fvcking bastards! She stayed!!!

She can decide to celebrate being a mother and father every waking morning.

Her children are not begging on the street, stealing your money or killing your own children... because she stayed!

She stayed!

Any sane society would use that day to remind deadbeat fathers that they are deadbeat AF...

But no! We let these niggaaz walk away while we shame the mothers who stayed.

This wicked agenda was marinated by Nigerian married women.

Patriarchy aye!

Patrons, enablers and errand buffoons of Patriarchy.

They are just so mad that some women do not submit to the same institution that society promised would crown all women with love and all their heart's desires.

They realise the scam of their marital lives. But it's too late. Flaunt that dead institution or be damned.

They are angry they cannot make an independent decision and still look as fab as we do.

They are jealous of those who got away. 

E dey pain.

"Nigerian married women" are very judgemental. They wear self-righteousness like a robe.

So when they are caught trying to eat the leftovers of the same lifestyle they assume other women enjoy...

I am here to remind them that they are supposed to live according to the moral standards they have placed for everyone else.

You will eat your own beef.

You, judgemental Nigerian women, are s.c.u.m.

You are the ones who demonise every beautiful thing a woman experiences out of marriage.

You will speak for a criminal while you chastise single mothers for daring to post one simple meme on Father's Day.

If anybody else is afraid of taking up Nigerian Married Women, I am not.

Pretentious animals.

S.c.u.m.