# Rant1972


January 27, 2020

Kai! I just watched clips of Maryam Sanda dragged out of court in handcuffs like a piece of disposable meat...

My God!

Imagine giving birth to a child who will eventually die in the hands of justice, as an adult, because she killed a husband!

Imagine that!

Tell yourself... It can never be me. I will never desire affection and validation from any institution that places a man above my peace of mind.

And this goes for men too - killing wives and girlfriends!

Whew!
.
.

Women!

We have been saying this for a very long time.

If he hits you, leave.

If he cheats and you can’t take it, leave!

If you are bored and you feel like you deserve more, instead of staying in the marriage and being suicidal or nursing resentment effective enough to kill, end your misery, leave!

If you feel emotionally deprived, sexually frustrated, mentally tired, work it out as legally as you should.

Don’t listen to your family. You are not a child; YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WANT! Deep down, you do!

Don’t listen to friends.

Stop comparing your life with that of strangers online flaunting happy pictures of a perfect union.

Be an adult. Walk away if you can’t take it anymore.

What you cannot do is take a life.

Society may mock you for being divorced, but divorce is not illegal. Divorce is not a crime. You are not going to go to jail for leaving a marriage.

As a divorcee, you get to fvck another day – this time, probably with a better man, if you know how to make smart choices.

If you don’t want to fvck, then stay celibate.

If you are eager to be society’s good girl, then present yourself to another bloke for marriage.

Whatever! I don’t care.

But what you will not do is continue to build your happiness around the actions of another human being.

We are all fallible. These men you centre your life around are imperfect.

They will fail you!

Your story is not different. You are not special. People are flawed.

They will fail you.

Stop giving your sense of worth and reason for life to another human being to mould.

If you can’t stand him wanting another woman, leave!

Especially if his religion and culture allows for polygyny, what then is your excuse to stand in his way? Go and fight for polyandry - whatever! Anything you decide to do is better than committing a crime!

Stop holding claim to another human being. This is 2020. You do not own anybody!

By jove! Think! Preserve your mental health.

When you are depressed and desperate and you do the unthinkable… this same society that would have shamed you for leaving, will be there to demand you die.

Women, you will not get the support of society – unless you want to be a doormat.

That is the only position Patriarchy desires for you.

Leave a man and his flaws.

You have no right to take a life.

“For better or worse” is such a flawed way for people to live in modern times.

Do not give society and the law the license to treat you like trash.

Do not be a criminal for the sake of a man.

Imagine dying because you feel entitled to the love of a man.

Imagine that!

Ah! Na wa!

You just die like that... because a man did not love only you.

I can never understand.