# Rant1973


January 31, 2020

Spoke to my former boss in Accra and I was sad to hear that they are having money issues.

Sigh.

It's sad because I knew this would happen way before it did.

And one of the reasons I resigned was because people do not know how to execute ideas.
.

It's easy to come together and talk as if you have sense.

People talk big. People are always talking.

Many people do not have a clue how to execute.

As much as I enjoy brainstorming sessions, it is only worth doing when you actually have people who are radical in their intellect and their approach to problem solving.

Many people are basic. It is the truth.

Brainstorming is a scam. People spend time agreeing and/or disagreeing over ideas or plans...

Half the time, they just love the sound of their voices.

When it comes to executing these plans and ideas, they have no clue where to begin.

Many people cannot execute, and that's a simple fact.

So the first thing you need to do is run your company with people who can execute... not with people who can come up with ideas.

Ideas are cheap.

Execution is gold.

Hire people who excel in execution.
.
.

I hear people say, "Do not share your ideas, someone will steal it."

In 2020? Lol! You are not ready. 

Me? I share my ideas.

When I am invited to a corporate meeting to give brand advice. I pour out everything inside of me! Everything.

I do that for the following reasons:

Firstly, I need you to know, without an iota of doubt, that I am the sh*t. I know what I am about. 

I know what I know and I know it VERY well. If you have sense, you should hire me to do this project after my presentation.

Secondly, and most importantly, I am very sure you cannot execute my ideas properly.

So if I make my presentation and you don't hire me for the job, I am not bothered.

I await the execution of the idea when you finally decide to hire your cousin to interpret my idea.

95% of the time, they cannot implement these ideas properly.

I shake my head and move on.
.

However this news hurts, because like I always say, he is a good man.

I knew that agency's biggest problem was execution.

And I have always advised him to do something about it.
.

If I have ever failed with execution at anytime in a company, it was probably because I had an orhtodox boss OR burdened with an ineffective team OR when ideas need to get the approval of all heads of department... shit like that.

The way I see it is simple...

If we are not disrupting things, then why are we here?