# Rant1994


February 19, 2020

I don't engage anyone.

I don't argue with Nigerian women.

That you manage to have an average man who is willing to boil yam and cook beans, and manages to earn a certain wage, and considers adding you to his future plans...

These are the average stuff that allow you lose sight of the fact that many women are being abused under institutions endorsed by Patriarchy. 

Marriage is one of them.

But I am not even going to elaborate on that.

I refuse to engage you on a deeper level than I already have.
.

You do not have a man nearly as giving as the man I am with, so please don't even go there.

Do not tell me what your man does to justify why cooking is not a problem for you. That is such a daft approach on the matter.

See, your niggaaz will always be learners. Always.

Trust me.

You have no idea what real men do. Men without a bone of misogyny in them.

You have no idea.

Go and sit down. You are learners.

I have never cooked for a man who has literally given me the world...  

Yet I will never become so obtuse that I cannot see that the average woman is still living beneath any form of dignity or respect. 

Even if I have been liberated. Even if I have it better than most because I made that CHOICE. 
.

My point is...

The responsibility to cook should be equally divided in middle-class homes.

But most of you speak the language of the poor. I can't engage, sorry.

Because if you ever say a woman doesn't work long hours as a man, then you must be speaking from the pit of a latrine behind a dilapidated building in a remote area.

By jove!

You can't be speaking for "us". You can't!
.

So this is the message:

Women have invaded corporate and business institutions...

Men, it is time to invade the kitchen.

It is taking you too long to understand this simple message. You are being deliberately slow-witted.

You are all looking for a woman who "makes her own money"...

Yet you are unwilling to cook regularly without making it out to be something specially romantic.

You want to eat your cake and have it.

And these foolish women continue to let you all get away with it!

Lol!

Anyway, na una sabi.

Like I always say, I have no bone in this conversation.

I mark myself and my daughters safe from this bullshit.

Peace out ✌