# Rant1977


February  3, 2020

LMAO!

Madam, sit down!

Do you know how powerful Patriarchy is for a woman to be denied her shouts of victory when she defeats him?

Do you?

Remain seated, abeg!

Women should throw wild parties when they outsmart any aspect of The Patriarchy they were burdened with.
.

Patriarchy tells women that marriage is the most important source of their happiness...

If a woman is able to find GENUINE happiness away from marriage, she has a RIGHT to throw a loud party and spit on Patriarchy and his cohorts.

If Patriarchy declares a woman useless without a child of her own...

That woman has a right to tell Patriarchy how much value she brings, and she has a right to sing from a rooftop when she wins at life, beyond motherhood.

It doesn't mean these women are shaming other women who can't seem to decide whether to give their abusers a blowjob or make him his favourite meal after a heavy slap.

It's not about these women who are yet to know their right...

It's about the women who win in the midst of all of Patriarchy's wiles.

Don't get it twisted, biko.
.
.

Patriarchy told me no one would love me in my 40s.

Bwahahahhahahahahahaha! 

When I walk by, Patriarchy hides. That niggaa is pained.

I won. So I will celebrate however I like!

You dig?

My celebration is not an event that shames another 40 year old woman who can't find anyone to treat her right. Nah!

We have a solution for women like that... Treat yourself right!

But you will not stop the rest of us from prouding that we defeat Patriarchy everyday and in many ways.
.

Patriarchy told me my kids would do badly in school because I am a single mother.

Again, bwahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahha!

My children are top in school.

How can you expect me to be quiet when I continue to defeat Patriarchy every single time? 

How can you tell me to be humble because some other woman is finding it difficult to figure out a way to confront Patriarchy?

The life of women - as a collective - is not a pity party.

Let the weak say she is strong. 

Allow the "strong" to BE strong!

The "weak" will catch up.

And if she doesn't, then her children will.

They will read our words and do better than their mothers.
.

But as long as I have breath, I will continue to celebrate my wins over Patriarchy. 

As a woman, that is your biggest victory.

Don't let anybody tell you to hush in solidarity of some other woman's CONSTANT poor choices.

Gerrarahia, plis!

And why the fvck are you "enduring" life? And if you choose to endure life, why would you stop the next woman from excluding herself from this endurance mixtape?

We can empathise with you on one hand - because we recognise your pain, but we shall return to slaying our wins after we hand you the tissue.

Life's too short to approach this any other way.