# Rant1941


January 3, 2020

Jaguda statistics:

A man succeeding has... 

90% of men on his side. They want his fairy dust.

90% of women are also on his side, because, well, they just might be "the one" if their push-up bras are authentic. 
.
.

A woman succeeding has...

10% of men on her side. The rest are like the accusers of Toke Makinwa - bitter, daft men. They want proof of her success, even though she has held down proper jobs for years!

And only 50% of women are on her side. The rest are just angry she is winning.
.
.

This is why I have decided to use my platform to celebrate women - except pick-mes, of course. 

I don't care which man is involved in the story. I don't care.

Women, we are all we've got.

My platform is primarily to celebrate women - except pick-mes.

If a woman misbehaves, we will konk her head. We pull her ear, shake our heads at her or roll our eyes and bant about her stupidity.

This is what my tribe and I do here.

But you see that bitterness and angst to destroy another woman... that rancorous and biting malice you  call opinions...

Let nobody bring that kind of vibe to my wall again.
.

There's a method to our madness on my wall.

We will drag a subject matter, yes! But it's not crabbed or poisonous.

If you believe women have to love a certain way, be a certain way, breathe a certain way... get the fvck out of my friends list!

If you project your own issues on the judgements passed on women, write that shit on your own wall.

The only people I stand against are criminals and pick-mes.

I am not riled up about unconventional decisions women make to piss on Patriarchy. I love to see it!

I love to see the unconventional woman rise. I am patient with her when she falls. And I am ready to cheer when she stubbornly rises again from her ashes.

I love rebellious women. I am subjective about their issues, and ready to forgive their mistakes easily.

The ones I cannot stand are pick-mes.

If we don't share the same philosophy, make sure never to come on my wall again.

Your opinions don't matter to me.

I am trying to invite a kind of vibe into my space, I don't need other people's belief seeping in.

This is my cleansing.

Don't fuck with my process.

You have something contrary to say, go and cry on your wall.

There's no time for explanations.

I hope I am very clear?

Good!