# Rant1979


February 4, 2020

These adhoc/hustling publicists of Sanwo Olu...

How do they feel when they open their mouths and say Okada ban is only for 12 Local Government areas, and the 1,000,000 other LGAs can carry on with business?

How do you feel when you see the pictures and videos of Lagosians suffering, trekking, lamenting?

How do you feel when companies that have invested millions of dollars in businesses sack their members of staff - people with families, children... the ripple effect of one lousy state decision?

How do you feel when you find Police officers destroying Okada, harassing and hurting people?

How do you feel watching children beg strangers to drop them in school?

How do you feel knowing tons of people have lost their jobs? I ask!

How do you fucking feel, adhoc fool, spitting shit outta your mouth?

How do you sleep at night?

Is the money promised at the end of your very poor PR crisis management worth it?

How do you people carry on acting like this is even remotely OK? How do you weave funny retorts in your useless PR garbage? 

To save face?

Be a bastard with your chest!

How do you twist your mouth and say government is launching 60+ buses to replace hundreds of Okada, tricycles and bike-related businesses?

How do you sit there and listen to your hustling PR friends talk shit and think you people are sane?

Isn't there a line to be drawn at some point to show that you are decent human beings?

Is life really about the next fvcking cheque?

How do you people carry on this way?
.

Where is your threshold, dear hustlers?