# Rant2040

May 14, 2020

You know that question they ask...

If you weren't in your current job/business, what would you be doing?

And people have answers like...

"I would be a pilot."

"I'd be a neurosurgeon."

"I'd be CEO of a successful startup."

"I'd be an app developer and be rich."
.
.
.

Frankly, if I weren't a screenwriter, I'd want to be a teacher.

A secondary school teacher.

Teaching senior class students.

Having the privilege of shaping the minds of the future and the generation that will change the narrative.

I think about it all the time.
.
.

During my NYSC, I was posted to Ogbomoso to work at the secretariat.

I declined the posting and chose instead to move a little farther into the village to be an English teacher in a secondary school.

I told the principal I wanted to teach the senior classes.

Everyone thought I was crazy. 

Well, I didn't want to be in the secretariat with all the other female corpers. We had nothing in common.

I was the odd one, and I told myself I'd drink bleach than sit with them all day doing nothing in an office.

I ran to a school in a village, abeg.

But beyond my need to get away from the other corpers, I really did want to teach.
.
.

I have so much respect for teachers. I envy their career.

At one time, Roberta was going to send a proposal letter to schools in Lagos, on my behalf, for freelance teaching jobs.

Because even whilst Nzuri was making N600k profit every other week (one week we sold a million naira worth)...

She realised I wasn't really satisfied. And I talked alot about teaching.

I think that was what led me to start TAAC, until I got the itch to leave Nigeria. 
.

I have the utmost respect for teachers.

It is probably the only career I will never judge based on financial benefits.

Doctors too.

Teachers and doctors.

I think I've said this many times.
.

If I weren't a screenwriter and all the other things I have been - creative director, content writer, copywriter, managing editor et al...

I would want to be a teacher.

It is the only thing I wish I could have been.

But I like money too much now.