# Rant1981


February 4, 2020

Nobody said PR has to be honest.

I mean… this is elementary shit.

Nobody expects PR to be honest.

If you do, then you are living on the wrong planet.

Advertising is even worse. Lies everywhere! Yet people jump on it with glee. 

PR is suppose to make you FEEL a certain way.

Everything that thrives in this world thrives by perception.

Even religion!

Unless you want to tell me you have SEEN God with your own eyes.

You haven’t.

The gospel was preached to you and you FELT something.

You felt it.

That is why when companies wish to grow, they use religion as an example.

PR is belief, not facts. And belief is subjective. 

Subjective is where PR wants you to be. It allows for personal conviction, for emotions, for prejudice.

The first thing a good publicist would ask you is…

“What truth do you want to tell?”

There are many sides to a truth. Which side do you wish to build your publicity around?

In PR, truth is personal. It’s all about the slant. If you lean in towards an angle, then you can get the masses to FEEL a certain way - feel something for you.
.

We don’t buy products. We buy feelings.

There are way too many options available for consumers for PR or branding to rely on mere words to push an agenda.

Words will fail you, but feelings... ah!

Play soft music, sit like you are about to confess to a priest, inhale and exhale, pause, speak softly, inflect, gesticulate a little...

Life is a performance.

And just like an actor - the only truth is: we do not want to believe you are acting.

Sell us a story we can FEEL in our heart about your business.

Intelligence is intimidating. Empathy is soothing.

Good PR rests on empathy. 

You may be the devil but know when to use PR to your benefit.

Stop the fvcking hard sell, its exhausting.
.

When a client is advised, by PR, to take advantage of a political, economic or cultural situation to boost and/or release himself from a stronghold, that’s the job.

If a business is dying or irresponsible, it affects some people.

But if government is reckless and irresponsible, it affects everyone.

Face your government. Leave entrepreneurs to leverage on circumstances made possible by bad government.

Bad business with good PR and a brilliant crisis management team will smell like roses.

Good business with poor PR and bad crisis team will continue to confront bad perception of their business for years.

At the end of the day, a business should do what it must do.

Half the time, it is selling a FEELING.

People don’t buy products, they buy feelings

I can write a paper on this, but I don't care that deeply.