# Rant2020


March 28, 2020

I've wanted to say this for a while...

If you are a random follower of any celebrity, and you sent him/her a message to "go and test for covik-one-nine" when news confirmed a "covik" carrier attended and mingled at the AMVCA...

I want you to know that you suffer thinly-veiled envy. You are addicted to shaming. And you are, of course, a troll.

I had, at least, 20 major celebrity clients attend AMVCA... and I did not call, text or incite any of them to do what they are already aware of.

Stop acting like you care.

In a poor country, people respond more to tragedy. They are fascinated by misfortune. 

It is what years of abuse does to a people.

Because how do you think your voice matters when the information is already out there, and private messages were sent by the government to these celebs.

They have family, they have friends, they have publicists, they have their team.

So what do you really achieve by pricking their butts with a pin?

Unless, of course, you find them holding a concert or shooting a movie which puts others at risk. Other than that, you are trolling.

And you are nearly a sadist.
.

What kind of joy do you get when you say... "All those people who like to travel, let them travel nah!"

You are still poor and vulnerable to the same damn virus.

Your bitterness is going to kill you faster than any virus.

And this is why I will never be consistent on a platform that does not give me 101% control over what I allow into my space.

You talk shit, I block you! No time.

You mean absolutely nothing in the scheme of things, why not have a good heart, for the sake of your immune system.

Humans are vile.

I wonder how the ignorant are coping in this cruel ass world.

Be wise as a serpent, the Bible aadmoni