# Rant2004


March 6, 2020

Do not engage Nigerian women on love relationships until they have dated certain type of men.

If they haven't, you are going to waste your time arguing about something as stupid as...

"Does living in a five-star hotel shows he loves you or you are just a side chick? Because if he loves you, hE wILL tAKe yOu tO hIs HoUsE eVEn iF iT iS iN mUsHIn."

These women! These nasty-ass un-moisturised pretentious women!

You are comparing your Agege boyfriend to men who  can afford to put a woman in a 5-star hotel for an entire year!

😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣

You think fvcking your niggaa under his mosquito net gives you permission to have any kind of opinion on the life other men create for their women?

My goodness! You people are shameless. And daft.

What you give to the universe is what you get back. Garbage in, garbage out.

Stick to your niggaaz who show you love by taking you home, so you can wash the toilet and make breakfast for him the next morning...

We will stick to men who show love with fine-dining and five-star luxury.
.
.

I mean...

It is still on this Beyoncé internet that Nigerian women on Facebook said any woman who spends more than N500 on a bra is wasteful.

By jove! The ghetto! The stinking poverty!

Shameless houseflies!

The idiots are always supported by poor men, championing the cause for lacking any sense of value.

It's not a terrible thing to wear a N500 bra... but to criticise women who buy Victoria's Secret is what makes you a cheap twat.

These women are everywhere giving Patriarchy a blow job and getting kicked out after he orgasms.

Yet these doormats have something to say about the intentions of men who love women by taking them through a journey and lifestyle of luxury.

Women! Always trying to teach other women how to suffer!

I reject you people and your end-time message!

Close that mouth of yours.

Your type is a dime a dozen.

Buy one get 10 free!

You have opinions? By jove! Have you moisturised your knuckles?

Wasps.