# Rant1948


January 8, 202

The one I cannot understand is how one woman will be beating another woman in public, and the "beatee" will stand there like a mannequin, receiving slaps.

Ha!!!

For what?!

For what, I ask!

Because of a man?!

A man who probably has ten side chicks.

Women play too much.
.

If you check very well, that short goat fighting at Ikeja Mall must have sent Oga-Francis-of-the-Venice-brouhaha her own reason to be chosen for the trip to Venice. 

She hates her husband, hates her marriage, hates herself.

That is the only reason she would be in a public place and attack a lady she believes is "snatching her husband".

She looks in the mirror and hates her life.

Someone has to suffer for her mediocre life.

It can't be the husband. That one will beat her and push her out.

Where would she go from there? Nowhere.

So what next? Face the women sleeping with him.
.

My own is this: Why the fvck will you stand and have another woman take off your wig?!

Why?!!

Are you the one responsible for Nigeria's underdevelopment?!

So why will you stand there like a corpse and let another woman beat you up, for gods sake?!

Because of preek?

Ehn?

You chop beating in 2020 because of mere preek?!

I am sure that preek is not even premium.

Look at the wife. You will know the kind of man involved in this show of shame.

Just look at the wife... you can tell the entire story of where she lives and what her husband looks like.

Tueh!
.
.

I remember many years ago, my mum said something to my paternal aunt...

This aunt was dating a married man or assumed to be dating the man - something like that. 

The wife was making trouble, and my aunt was shaking and ran to my mum for advice. 

My mum looked at my aunt and said...

"Date him or don't, I don't care. But the day another woman ever lifts her hand to beat you because of a man, do not step your feet in my house again."
.

I mean... come on!

Don't just stand there!

Beat the shit out of your assailant!

Fight back! 

Bite like the wolf.

Re-attack if necessary on another day if the thought of it riles you up all over again.
.

And remember, in this world... we are all mad!

Madness is not reserved for Nigerian married women.

Nah, binsh. We are all mad.

Nonsense.