# Rant2014


March 18, 2020

Picture A: 
Religion - when there is absolute peace in the world and everyone is going about their business. Religion is out there with its public announcement system telling us made-up stories about girls in mini-skirts going to hell.
.

Picture B: 
Religion when there's a virus in town. Has no voice, holds no power, solves no problem.
.
.
.

We still have to rely on "secular people" to solve our diseases... just so that religion can jump out of hiding later and continue talking a pile of mess about tithing and private jets for preachers to - um - spread the gospel. 
.
.

I don't know how else to say this but... religion is powerless.

Your pastor is, at best, an entrepreneur... at worst, a fraud.
.

Science and education save this world EVERY DAY.

Your pastors need to hide in their homes in the time of coron.a vir.us...

It is doctors who are volunteering to face the danger out there to save the world.

And when all is done... you will take your money to bless the life of a religious crooner who prayed for you on WhatsApp video or Skype when the real saviours are working out there making sure life continues even if its without them - think Stella Adadevoh.

Monkey dey work baboon dey chop, innit?

When it's all done, we go back to despising health workers... and praising religion.

Religion is hiding in a corner just like we all are!

The real heroes are not defined by religion.
.

People are outchea making videos about respecting your elders/rulers/spiritual leaders.

Some are promising "children of God" they'll be safe while others will die.

They are doing this in the comfort of a home sponsored by sheep. They are safe yet spreading fear and angst...

While science, as always, figure out how to save us all.

Phew! Make it make sense.
.

I know the world is stupid.

But sometimes this stupidity really gets to me.

You are still wondering how your religious leaders are rich?

N500 x 500 people x 2 times a week x  8 times a month x 12 months a year...

And that's just scratching the surface.

It's not a miracle. It's simple maths.
.
.
.

Stay safe everyone - religious bullies and all... as health workers, once again, save the world.