# Rant2023



April 29, 2020

Teach your daughters, especially, not to stan anyone.

Listen to the music.

Enjoy the films.

Read the articles and books.

Clap for the achievements.

Applaud the brilliance.

But tell them not to stan anyone to the point where they cannot take a stand when it is revealed said person is a monster.

Love his music... but when it is revealed that he is a rapist, do not be the stupid lone voice saying...

"Bhet, women throw themselves at him."

Eww!

Don't be that woman. And do not be the woman who raises other women to talk like that.

Your daughters should never hold that kind of opinion.

They should never be that person.
.

If you doubt the story, then let silence protect your integrity. You can ignore it completely.

You do not have to take the side of the "victim" (sometimes these stories sound like BDSM, anyway)... but you sure as hell do not want to defend an alleged abuser.
.

Good music doesn't make good men.

These are mutually exclusive.

It would be such a disgrace to have our daughters act and comprehend like some of you do.

You do not want to have that daughter who is constantly heartbroken, struggling with the fact that their "idol" or "star" turned out to be a rapist. 

You want to have that daughter who will see a celebrity walk into a room, and she isn't too excited about said person's presence.

She isn't just interested in anything.

In this life, that is the kind of confidence and  nonchalance you would want your daughters to have.

These are life saving kits.

They do not want to meet up with their celebrity crush at any event, and they do not make themselves available for any fan-worship shenanigans...

Because they are wise, and they know that just because people are online fronting to be intelligent, does not mean they have any dignity they wish to protect.

Many people will do terrible things they know they can get away with...

Make sure your daughters recognise they can be preys in a world that survives by chewing the weak.

Build mentally strong daughters.
.
.

In other news, I hear Brymo is being accused of rape.

This is beside the point, but I'm glad I don't fvck with his music to care about him at all.

Same thing with R.Kelly.

My response to these things is, "OK".

There's never a struggle to imagine they would or would not do it.

I just shake my head and hope that the victims get some kind of justice.

👊