# Rant2003


March 4, 2020

😂😂😂

So y'all remember when I moved from Four Points hotel in Victoria Island to a 2-star hotel in Ikeja last month, right?

I was trying to save money, and also I really liked the pictures of the garden and the indoor swimming pool attached to the hotel in Ikeja.

The Boyfriend was outta town. When he came back I was still staying in Ikeja. So he paid me a visit.

I was horny and trying to get his attention.

He smiled and said he wasn't going to have sex in that hotel, so he packed my bags and we went to Providence by Mantis.

He travelled the next day, but he paid for me to stay a week, until I was ready to return to Accra.
.
.

So last weekend, I was back to that 2-star hotel with the lovely garden....

I was there for my Screenwriting Retreat. 

After the retreat on Sunday, I was about to get a well deserved sleep, then I heard the strangest sound from the next room.

Gbish... gbim...gbish...gbim...

My next door neighbours were fvcking, yo!

It was like in the movies. You know, those exaggerated sex scenes.

It wasn't as if the guy was that good. Nah.

The noise came from the quality of the bed. It made creaking sounds without much effort.
.

I stood next to the door and listened.

I was intrigued, because the girl was really trying the match her moans with the creaking sound.

It was an AMVCA worthy performance.

If she had synchronised her moans perfectly with the creak of the bed, it would have been Oscar worthy. 

But she didn't. And I doubt she even orgasmed.
.

Anyhoo...

While I was listening in, The Boyfriend called.

"What's up, baby?" He said.

I told him I was listening to my neighbours having sex.

"See your mate having 5-star sex in a 2-star hotel," I teased.

He laughed and almost choked.

"I am not his mate. I have 5-star sex in 5-star hotels. Period."

😂😂😂