# Rant2033


April 29, 2020

Introduce your daughters to strong female characters in movies.

And put these characters in context - what they need to learn from the characters.

Camila Vargas is a drug lord. The lesson, obviously, is not about her trade...

The lesson is in her strength of character. The lesson is in her confidence. Her self-assuredness.

Her wisdom to know what to do and when to do it.

It's in her courage, her leadership skills. 

By jove, it is in her badassery!

She is not snooping around trying to hear what people are saying, the woman is focused on her business.

She doesn't give a fuck!

Teach your daughters how not to give a flying fuck.

They can talk about you... but deep down, they wish they had your magic.

Teach your daughters how their power can draw envy.

Then teach them how not to care about how green the envy gets from any quarters.

They must win.

They cannot buckle.

And as they grow older, they must continue to live their lives as queens.

Ditch all the soppy movies where women are always begging for love and hungry for affection, contouring in many ways to be likeable.

It is not healthy for your daughters. It will not prepare them for the life ahead.

Introduce your daughters to strong female characters in movies.
.

I have a few of them here...

Olivia Pope (scandal). Annalise Keating (htgawm). Wonder Woman. Miranda Priestly (devils wear prada). Queen Sono. Arya Stark (game of thrones). Buffy (vampire slayer). Moana.

And for good effect, I have a strong character I created   - Detective Vera (city crimes).
.

Be deliberate about raising your daughters. 

The world is waiting to shame them with everything they will become.

Tell them to STAND!

By jove, STAND!!!

Selah.