# Rant1950


January 9, 2020

Minorities will defend and protect and applaud whatever they can find out there that represents them.

Because GREAT content about their lives are few and far in between.

So no matter the poor representation, they will defend the little of what they can find of themselves in mainstream culture.

White people don't have to defend Christopher Nolan or Michael Bay, for instance. 

They either come correct with good content or they will be ignored.

If they produce good work, they are going to be applauded. If not, they won't be applauded.

Simple.

Because white peeps have huge representation in every sphere of life.

They are not stuck with one option.

They created a world of many options for their kind.
.

But in black societies...

You have people fighting the Oscars for disqualifying Lionheart even though the movie does not meet the requirements of the category.

You'll think this would be straightforward enough...

But people went wild, even African Americans, because representation of black art is poor.

So anything we can hold onto, we do it regardless of the fact the we flout rules or don't give it the best standard or quality control.

For white folks, there are more Spielbergs from where the original came from.

Some young persons will step in those shoes when the time comes. They will not be denied the opportunities available for their kind.

Because whites build institutions not cliques.

And if cliques exist, they exist within institutions bigger than the cliques.
.

But black people have only Ava DuVernay. They have only Shonda Rhimes. Spike Lee.

They have Tyler Perry.

You can count them.

They worry if they don't stan the few representation they have, they'll have none at all.

White folks don't have to worry about that.

They are programmed to believe there will always be options.

And they do something about it. They EMPOWER their kind.

Not for optics. Not the way black people do.

Black people do stuff strictly for the optics. For the gram.

They want to help women... but they have their cameras out, trying to get pitiful stories from these women they can place side-by-side the wretched one million naira loan they are giving.

White peeps give scholarships and build institutions for the numbers who have access to what their wealth creates.

And this is why the white man is the most confident being on the face of the fvcking earth, even when he is mediocre!

A black man, however, will have all the necessary skill and still will never be able to project real confidence.

What he projects is Kanye West's arrogance. 

We all do that. All of us.

Because we don't know what confidence really is.

Mark Zuckerberg is confidence.

Bill Gates is confidence.

But you see, Floyd Mayweather... that is not confidence, that is braggadocio.

There's a difference.

P. Diddy - braggadocio.

That wahala man called 50 cent - lunatic.

Kanye West - bipolar, braggadocio. (Not faulting his mental disease, please).

One that I think has been able to reach a level of real confidence is  probably Jay Z.

Jay Z is confident. It almost seems like he spends a lot of time with white folks.

Of course, this is just my opinion.

Oprah nko?

Do you know Oprah is yet to fully accept that she is who she is?

She still struggles, sometimes  with her own wealth, her own purchasing power.

The average white person, probably has more confidence than some of the richest black people.

It's a wonder that another century still will not be able to solve this mystery...

How money still makes the black man insecure.

He shouts about it and doesn't give anyone a break because he is afraid he will lose his wealth or his standing if he blinks.

He is afraid. His money is a headache in his life. Not a blessing. Not a problem solver.

White peeps do not necessarily live with that much pressure.

These are strictly my opinions and do not apply to any extensive study.

You don't have to accept it.

However, I am trying to normalise comfort and luxury with my children so there's never a time they believe they have to exert themselves as we all do to determine their worth.

They hate taking pictures. They hate showing off. 

Internalised confidence. Something black people never have.

We owe it to our offspring.

...And my life of not worshipping anybody also helps.

There's no wealthy uncle visiting the house that would require them to wear their Sunday best just so he can give them N10k.

There's no aunty abroad coming with special biscuits and used clothes.

We are not anticipating any saviour.

We save ourselves every day.

You see what I just did. That is arrogance, not confidence.

Even when I say it that way, it is still arrogance.

Black people don't have it.

We don't have confidence.

All we do is brag. 
.

Bill Gates was on a mission to provide better sanitation to poor communities in Africa. He did not have to rally the people to remind them they are poor and so need to stop their lives and acknowledge him.

No! He went ahead to fix the problem. A documentary was done to highlight the problems of poor communities, not for any ulterior motive. Not to prove that he is better than his regular friends.

Whew.

But black man will open two businesses and start to brag, calling everybody poor. Presenting himself and his family as the new idols to be worshipped.

And Nigerians will line up like the zombies that they are and start to worship.

Imagine Zucker.berg ever looking down on anyone on his platform.

It will never happen.

We place him on a higher pedestal than we place our rich uncles and wealthy black folks.

Braggarts. Competing unnecessarily for all the wrong selfish and narcissistic reasons. 

That's what we are.