# Rant1980


February 4, 2020

Sheryl Sandberg, 50, is engaged to 46 year old Tom Bernthal...

She's COO of Facebook, and he's CEO of Kelton Global - a consulting firm.
.
.

You and I know there's no where in this relationship where she's going to feel like she needs to give up her job, cook some more and retire to a war room to keep her man...

And you and I know Sheryl is not in any WhatsApp or Facebook group or Twitter thread where they ask the question...

"Should a married woman have curfew? What time is decent for her to come home? Let us know."

"Should married women give their salary to their husbands? Discuss."

"If your mother-in-law slaps you, should you slap back or turn the other cheek? What's your take?"

"Can a married woman have her own landed property? Please discuss."

"Should a married woman go to bed before her husband gets back from work even though he comes back late? Share your opinions."

"Should a married woman stop her husband from trying to get a male child from outside if she cannot give him a male child from inside? Please share."

"Should a married woman have her own savings account?"

Whew!!!
.

We KNOW a Sheryl Sandberg would not be part of something so ridiculous.

So why, pray tell, are you in WhatsApp groups and comment threads that ask these silly questions of you?

Is it because, deep down, you do not believe you deserve a life like Sandberg's?

Deep down, you believe you deserve that trifling partner you have, don't you?

Because, deep down, you know you too are trifling as fvck.
.

It is well with your soul, sis.

It is well.

May you look in the mirror someday and tell yourself...

"I deserve all good things without compromise..."

Leaving all trifling conversations behind.

❤