# Rant2017


March 21, 2020

World News: Coronavir.us Death Toll Increases.

Hinduism: ...

Judaism: ...

Buddhism: ..

Sikhism: ...

Paganism: ...

Zoroastrianism: ...

Babalawo-ism: ...

All other religious -isms: ...

Islam: A few voices that are not amplified therefore do not invade our sensibilities or rattle our peace.
.

Then comes Nigerian brand of Christianity and their list of abnormalities:

1. Pastors threatening the world, whilst assuring only their kind of safety and long life.

2. Selling anointing oil to combat a virus.

3. Laying hands on a TV set to heal people of the virus.

4. Bragging of being immune to the virus.

5. Still meeting in groups.

6. Saying, with their chest, that a non-tithing world is the cause of the virus.

7. Pronouncing the end of the world while the rest of the world is either quiet or trying to save the world.

8. Acting like the gatekeepers of heaven.
.
.

The world is offended by you and calls you out, as it should.

Then comes the reaction of this brand of Christianity...

Wait for...

Nigerian Christians: "What eez eet sef! Are we the only religion?! Why can't you face muslims?! Why can't you attack other religionzzzz! Because we are humble! We are not humble oooo! We will nOt tURn tHE OtHeR cHEeK!!!! Yaga yogi yigi yugi yudu!"

Bitch, please! 😂😂😂

You are constantly dragged because you have no emotional intelligence. In fact, you have no intelligence at all.

You have no sense.
.
.

I saw an e-poster that says:

"Now we know CEOs and Billionaires are not the most important people in the world, doctors are the most important."

Err...

CEOs and Billionaires, as a collective, do not mock science or medicine.

As a matter of fact, medicine is nothing without sponsorship and funding.

Oh! Guess who funds scientific researches... Bingo!!!

Money is a major driving force of science. A lot of that money comes from bi - bi - bi - billionaires!
.
.

There's no group of persons who dismiss medicine or science like "Christians". YET they still die like every other human being.

You are loud, empty and full of tripe... that empty barrel making all that annoying noise is what gets our attention. And so deserving of a response.

Your stupidity, as a group, is always in 3D.

How do you think we will ignore that and face a Babalawo doing his thing quietly?

How?

I am here to tell you that Jesus does not know y'all.

It does not matter how loud you get and how many posts you make trying to play the victim.

Jesus does not know you!

Now geddifok!