# Rant1971


January 27, 2020

Dear women,

You need to stop making marriage and childbirth the centre of your life.

You need to stop wanting anything so desperately that is out of your control.

Stop letting society mock you and treat you like shit because it is yet to gift you with an average bloke that will look upon you with pity and give you a ring.

Trust me, men need marriages and kids more than you do.

For one, marriage makes life easy for the average bloke...

He comes home to a hot meal. Sometimes these niggaaz won't eat a day-old meal. Something they learnt from their fathers.

And because mummy did not rebel, they expect a 2020 woman to sit in the kitchen everyday cooking a new pot of soup.

Upkeep allowance from many homes come from women these days. They won't say a word about it because they need to present their men as the head of the house. Lol!
.

Secondly, the children bear the name of the father, not yours.

It's like you were born as a woman to be paired with a man who will give your life meaning and a gas cooker.

Sometimes, culture brands you as lazy for daring to request for a washing machine. What happened to your hands?

Blender nko? What happened to grinding stone?

This wicked culture even goes further to say the soup tastes better when the condiments are "grinded" not blended.

I mean... can't you see culture and big brother Patriarchy isn't going to let you evolve? 

Stop wanting marriage and children so desperately. These are the traps to keep you subservient.

It doesn't matter who you are, Patriarchy knows you will give it all up just to grab the trouser of a bloke if marriage is in the picture.

Stop giving society the audacity to laugh in your face, dangling a carrot in front of you, daring you to be happy and single, and concluding you can never be.

Patriarchy be like... "I dare you to be happy without a man! You nor fit! Oya, come here and submit! Foolish woman. Bow down to my son. His boxers are smelling but he is your master. Now suck that d*ck!"
.

The insult is too much, abeg! 

Everywhere you turn, some random deadass dude is talking about how he cannot end up with a single mother or an older woman or a dark skinned woman or a light skinned woman with small hips or a plus-size woman...

No one asked him. No one even wants him. Yet they will open their mouths because Patriarchy's sons are bastards.
.

There's always one carrot dangling somewhere, and you find women jumping, aspiring to take a bite.

Yuck!

Leave these dead guys to rot. Abeg nah!

They have all these preferences... yet they can't get a simple promotion at work. His female boss is dying to sack him.

Average as average can be, these peeps.

The only time he gets to feel like a man and flex his superiority is when he is on Twitter, talking shit about the kind of woman worthy of his attention...

The attention of a busboy.

The thing is very annoying.

I mean... these people can't hold a candle near these women they try to shame.
.

Just imagine a world where women do not give a damn about marriage and childbirth...

Imagine if the gender responsible for bringing forth life makes a decision not to prioritise her biological privileges.

My goodness!

Everything will adjust. Everything!

But sadly, there's a pick-me somewhere begging her ex-husband to take her back after he pushed her out for questioning his right to cheat...

And there's another pick-me somewhere laughing at the crass joke a misogynist is sharing about his ex. She thinks she is special to hear these tales.

It's tiring. 

It's so easy to rid men of power. So easy!

How women cannot see it, baffles me.