# Rant1985


February 8, 2020

I can't get over the fact that MEN have built a fortune on a skill reserved for women in homes and marriages... a skill described as a woman's natural ability bestowed on her by the universe from birth.

The minute you come out with a vagina, you are supposed to naturally know how to cook and MUST love cooking - not for your own satisfaction, but for the approval and satisfaction of everyone else.

You, as a woman, do not make a dime from this skill, unless you run Ghana High or something of a successful buka or pseudo-business.

However, MEN have sustained an industry as chefs.
.

I do a lot of fine dining.

My people, there are meals worth N100k in Lagos.

I mean... appetiser, main dish, and dessert.

When the bill comes, your man swipes his card... You look at the receipt and the bill is N100k!

No jokes. 

The people who make these meals are MEN.

N15k buffet for one, N65k dinner, N100k a la carte for two...

The people cashing in on cooking are men, not women.

These chefs are always men!

Whew!

When you go to some fancy restaurants, the chef comes over to your table during your meal to say hello and, of course, get a compliment.

The chefs are always MEN.

Men will monetise everything society told women not to monetise.

It always amazes me, and I always bring it up with The Boyfriend.

These restaurants cannot exist without the chefs.

Our favourite restaurant in Ikoyi... my goodness! That chef cooks like a god!

His sauce... ah!!! Na die!

Men know how to be indispensable. They know how to be the next thing after God.

It's incredible.

Of course, I'm not talking about all men - definitely not you people.

I am talking about MEN. 
.

If you want to succeed, think like a MAN.