# Rant2024


April 13, 2020

I am getting too many messages and requests for the position of editor for my e-books and projects.

I can't respond to everyone, hence this post.

I am not looking for someone from the literati, please. I don't write for that audience.

I am not looking for an "award-winning" editor per se. I appreciate your awards, but it all sounds too clinical to me.

This is my ministry. This is soul and spirit and truth.

Let me put it plainly: This is the inspiration I have been looking for. It is the soul of my existence, the answer to all the questions I have asked myself. It is purpose. And everything, moving forward, will spring from.

I hope you understand?

I want it to affect women in ways that will be similar to religion - when religion is true.

I am not seeking perfection, I am looking for someone who can become a friend, a sister. Someone who speaks my language, someone who recognises my voice in the midst of many, someone who aligns with my rebellion, my beliefs.

This is not fine-dining. This is soul food.

It is not table etiquettes. It is licking off the sauce from fingers and belching.

I want alot of feelings involved in this. 

I am not looking for anyone to read content from this ministry and say, "she writes well". 
Fuck yea, I write well! I am not seeking that kind of approval, please.

I want them to log in and say, "Wow! I feel this. I feel this in my soul. My heart is jumping, there are butterflies in my tummy. She is speaking to my core. Gosh, I hate this! Gosh, I love this!"

That is what I am looking forward to.

I want women to fight this because it scares them, then love it because it mirrors their lives.

I want women to strip off the extra layer and weight of shame they carry around. 

That, I have discovered, is what is stopping many from becoming.

And all of the ministries you belong to only approve of your shame. None is interested in true liberty.

With that said, I am not looking for some smart-ass, clout-chasing, cliquey, penny-grasping, goal-shifting, desperate, uncouth, untidy, hypocritical, jump-on-the-next-bandwagon, insecure, insincere, no-mind-of-your-own, troll-drooling vagabond.

I need a strong woman, a kind woman, eyes on the vision, intelligent to the core, and ready to grow this ministry with me - as a sister, as a friend.

I want magic. Nothing less.
.

I will also get another editor - male. He can come with good ol' clinical skill, no problem.

But I need my sister first. 

And I will pay you your wages. Like I ALWAYS do.
.

PS: If you turn out to be a simpleton, I will kick you out. You will come and spit online, but it will not stop greatness.

Check history.

PSS: Look at me very well. I am moisturised 😊

#you_mad_bake_cake