# Rant2044

May 17, 2020

Last year, I decided not to watch #BBNaija in solidarity with a writer/social activist, Timehin who claimed the man behind the voice of Big Brother sexually harassed her.

My decision did not change the weather. It did not achieve world peace. It did not add a dime to my purse. It did not disrupt the reality show in anyway. It wasn't slightly recognised beyond my usual rants for the things I stand for.

The lady in question wasn't even aware of my decision. I did not reach out to her.

I read her tweets and it made me sad.

She was consistent with her claims, but it seemed no one was listening or cared or bothered to pay her any attention.

I wanted my spirit to align with her grief.

My actions meant absolutely nothing to the scheme of things... but it warmed my heart.

It remains one of my proudest moments.

I wasn't part of the reality show whilst it was LIVE, and I didn't take a glance at it, at anytime, on Showmax.

I did not play the hypocrite. God must have been proud 😁😇

Whatever opinions I eventually had about that edition of #BBNaija were cooked from bants and trends on social media after the show ended. The conversation was everywhere and was hard to miss. 

It may seem my personal activism achieved nothing, but it made me very proud.

I did it without any expectations...

But, in some ways, it added to my spiritual capital - wealth in form of favour, grace and mercy spread to those I cherish ❤

Agreed, it was her word against his (even though she insisted there were witnesses and called out some names)... Not watching the show at the moment a woman was crying out for some kind of public justice was the least I could have done.

The world is connected like yarns from a sweater.