# Rant1992


February 16, 2020

These days I keep asking myself...

How do people live with other people?

I wake up every morning, and I am more certain than I was a day before that I do not want anyone in my house...

And I do not want to be in anyone's house.
.

I observe my siesta, and the first thing that puts a smile on my face when I wake up is knowing that I am alone.

Then I roll over on the couch and sleep a little extra.
.

I eat what I want.

I talk and laugh all alone.

I watch a bunch of web series on YouTube.

I write. I rant. I zero plan. I belch. I Netflix and Irokotv-ish...

I fall in love and out of love with celebrity male characters, and stan strong female characters.

And I am alone, and so happy!
.

The Boyfriend calls every day.

When we meet, we spend time at fancy restaurants and star hotels...

The most beautiful part of our relationship is his discernment.

He knows he is in love with a top-notch weirdo.

He knows to get out of my way after a week or two, until the next baecation - you know, lovers taking out time from hectic work schedules to spoil themselves with five-star treatment. He's good at that.

And I am grateful I don't have to explain myself to this love.

I want to be loved, of course. But I want to be alone most of the time.
.

When I resigned from the Accra job, I legit stayed in my apartment in Accra for three months without seeing anyone or speaking face-to-face with anyone, except security who run errands for occupants of the estate.
.

I hear all of the happy voices outside my window - families going to church et al ..

And I am so happy I am not part of that dynamics.

I am relieved that I am not living their lives.

It is so weird but I am so happy to be alone and in control of my aloneness.

Whew!

I am happy that I could shape this kind of life for myself.

I am happy I could live the life I really really want - the life that society does not have a say in.

I am happy.

And I thank my rebellion.

This would not have been possible if I was a "good woman".

Having a man like The Boyfriend would not have been possible if I was not essentially a "bad bit.ch".

Every day I say to myself, "I am going to die very fulfilled".

Thank God for small mercies, which aren't small by any means.

Living your authentic life is the best thing that can happen to you in a world where anything can kill you.

I simply do not have any fucks in this world to give.

How did I get here?

I am so proud of myself!

Whew.

#justmusing...