# Rant2018


March 22, 2020

I don't have a problem with villains.

As a matter of fact, I am drawn to very intelligent villains than I am to protagonists or "heroes".

I love Thanos. I adore Erik Killmonger.

If a movie tries to make me hate a character, my instinct propels me to love them.

And if a movie promotes the virtues of a character, I become instantly bored and irritated by them.

I believe some of the best villians had some of the best intentions, which is bad for the world.
.

Why I like Messiah on Netflix are for reasons many people would question...

The fact that he didn't heal the sick child. And, in some ways, influenced a divorce.

The fact that the pastor who wanted to promote the gospel was frustrated at the end, he went back to do what he wanted to do at the very start of the series - burn his church.

The fact that there is an entire truth about Messiah's life that suggests he may have a mental disease or just a mere magician.

I like how much of a nemesis he is, yet a hero.

I like complexities.

Simplicity is boring and annoying.
.
.

What I detest is cowardice. I detest hypocrisy.

If you are going to be, BE.

Don't be bad, and blame it on the weather.

If you're going to be Putin.

Be Putin.

Be the final voice. 

Be bad. Be good. Just be.

BE with your chest.
.

Tell everyone to go fuck themselves and mean it!

Or be quiet.

As long as you are not a grovelling, slimy, green, disgusting, little coward, peeing in their pants, desiring to be "understood".
.

I am drawn to this kind of finality.

Note that nowhere, in this post, did I say this is the best approach. 
Some people like diplomacy. Others understand humans enough to know that a majority needs someone to think for them.

I SAID... I am drawn to this kind of finality Putin displays in this mockup. 

I am drawn to it. Doesn't make it right. But I love it sha.

In essence what Putin is saying is... "Iyalaya anybody!!!" 😂😂😂
.

PS: Of course, we know this is fake news! 😂😂😂😂