# Rant1949



January 8, 2020

OK, let's do this...

1. I stand with Polygamy. I strongly believe it is a better, more civilised approach to love/marriage, especially in third world countries.

2. I am not your WCW.

3. Half the time, monogamy is a joke. It continues to turn otherwise sane individuals to animals, acting up and feeling entitled to others.

4. Remember, I am not your WCE.

5. Dating anyone - married or unmarried - is not illegal or a crime. Assaulting someone is a crime. Take your assailants up. 

6. Again, I am not your mentor.

7. The only reason Africans hold this pretentious disgust for Polygamy is because their elder brother - the white man - is yet to endorse it. The minute broda Oyinbo does, polygamy will be woke and chic.

8. Polygamy is a better structure simply because you will not have to lie about your affection, and how best to share family assets. It also protects all children - nothing like illegitimate child, which simply puts the responsibility of belonging in the family on the children who had no hand in their birth.

9. I don't care how highly you place me... I say this all the time - bring me down, I am not your anything. I do not want to be liked. I don't care for it. My skin glows because I speak my truth without any fear or desire to be accepted. I am not the person you want to stan. My truth will continue to shock you. Get it?

10. If you are married and you let that marriage turn you into a mad black woman, that is your choice. And sincerely I am tried of your sob stories of hurt and betrayal from the same damn niggaaz. Your pain is trite. Your anger is boring. Pray not to meet a woman who can match your madness.

11. Monogamy will steal your joy, your peace of mind. Choose wisely, or don't choose at all.

12. Don't look up to me. 56,000 followers... I am not leading you anywhere o! And I am not trying to impress you. I am not shopping for your praises. I don't care for it. Gerrit?

13. Talking to these women is a waste of time, just protect yourself. Have a plan. And fight back!

14. I have always had a problem with monogamy. I don't understand the concept of it. I don't have the energy to root for something that continues to fail.

Periodt.