# Rant1970


January 26, 2020

A friend opened up to me just yesterday on WhatsApp that she is gay.

She broke up with her fiancé after telling him the truth about her sexuality.

He, out of shock, pain or spite, told her entire family.

She wasn’t ready for that at all.

She has been going through the expected consequences since then - emotional blackmail; and she suffers bouts of depression.

She says the only respite she gets is when she logs onto Facebook and reads my rants.

Once in a while, she sends my rants to her elder brother, just maybe he can see the light – see that life has evolved.

But the brother would scoff and say…

“All these feminists are a sad lot. Tell her to look for a good man to marry and have children, and stop carrying society’s problems on her head.”

*roll eyes*

I told her (that) her brother is a simpleton and a waste of space and time.

“Tell him I am not a feminist. I have a great man, I have children, and I do not give a rat ass about society’s problems.”

Baby geh like me.

It is their wives that are carrying society’s problems, not me.  Those patriarchal men are “society’s problems”.
.

But I deviate… *powders nose*.

Where was I?

OK.

She sent me a video full of thanks (for my rants). She said I shouldn’t bother responding because she knows I do not like to be fully aware of the influence I may have.

I cried a little – for her.

“How do you plan to find happiness as a gay woman in this crazy society?" I asked.

“Ah! That story is long,” she responded.
.

I pray she finds her place of affirmation and peace.

Life is too short and unpredictable for anything less.

❤