# Rant1106


March 12, 2018

Nigerians are so extra.

You come from a "broken home" (that's a shit term, but let's stick with it), your mother (or father... nah, let's stick with mother) was the only parent present in your life. You probably remember that season your father was present, only briefly, and he came bearing angst and torture. Not good memories. As you recall the harsh words he said to you, the mean labels he gave you, and the scars he left on your body after wicked strokes of cane landed on your back and your hands.

You were barely 10.

Your mother took over. Nurtured you to full adulthood with good education to boot.

Now you are a man (or woman), you have a job... heck, you have a damn good job. You are contemplating starting a business by the side because your digits look good.

At this point of fully becoming, you remember your father- that man lost in some village with a wife and children too many to count.

You leave the family you've always known, and you journey into the thick forest of no return to search for a man who called you a bastard at 9.

You find him. You cry. He cries. His wife cries. Your 11 half siblings cry.

You cry because, well, you are just a curious braggart. You want to show off your new status. That's it. You want your father to know that you made it. And you want the guilt to stick to his scrotum; so you are here to rescue him and his family from poverty. You want to spoil them because you want this guilt to eat him up.

*yawn in M'Baku*

Except guilt is a thing that never deeply happens to Nigerians. 

As far as the negro (your dad) is concerned, you were deserving of all the pain and hate and angst he gave freely to you and your mother, but he is going to say he is sorry now because... I mean, look at him - he's shit! He can't pay for his drugs or pay for his children's school fees, he needs you. He's going to embrace you, place his filthy hand on your head and pray for you. Now you are feeling accomplished. This was all you lived for - the day you will stand face to face with this man and prove him wrong about your genius.

You know it is not love. You know all of this charade both of you are pulling off is because you both need to quench your narcissistic thirst.

He's happy someone can finally take all his financial burden away. He is tired of despising his 11 children, born out of pleasurable sex, whom he can't take care of. That's where you come in.

And you, you just want to flaunt your good wealth in the face of the one person you never stopped thinking about.

Your mother can wait. You are here to do great things for these people who don't give a rat-ass about you.
.
So you carry the family burden. Even start to call your father's wife, mummy.

You over-do your welcome and even start to build house, buy generator, pay school fees, buy fancy clothes, and even plan a small trip to some Island for your "new family".

Now you are being extra, and even your stepmother is jealous of you. Your wealth is insane. If you are doing this much for them, then how much are you doing for that your mother? Your stepmother starts to ponder.

You have saved her family oh, but her envy is a stronger emotion than her gratitude.

So, in Africa Magic style, she tries to kill you. You extra fool.

Now your head is swollen. You have a fat boil on your forehead. Your neck is twice its size. You have no energy to continue working. You are sick. Always in the hospital. You lose your job. Your money has gone down the drain as you run from one hospital to the other.

Your father moves on. He is now living in the house you built in the village, and he never asks of you.

Guess who is crying and running up and down to sell her lace materials in her wardrobe to help you? Your mother.

You are going to die, nigga... because you are extra as fuck.

It is not love and compassion that makes us pursue relatives who don't want us, it is our need to show off how much good we can be in their lives. We need to prove to them that we turned our better than they ever thought we'd become.

We pursue what and who do not care because we need to feed our narcissism.

We do all these and risk our lives because we love being extra.

That feeling of carrying ten bags of rice to the village so you can share two derica to each household is not a cause to end hunger nah, that's you in your extra garment.

Well done.