# Rant1339


November 7, 2018

Let's talk about the Empath and the Pragmatist in a relationship for one second...
.

Last week, I went on a date.

Hot guy, says he is crazy about me.

Ok! Let's see if I'm crazy about you too.

So he takes me out on a date.

Everything was going well at the restaurant - he, telling me how he feels, me listening to what he says he feels...

Then the waiter shows up, scratching his crotch, asking for our order.

I was shocked, then angry...

"Why the hell are you scratching your crotch and talking to us?"

The waiter murmured something like a true Nigerian and then I let him go without taking the order.

"You hurt him," my date said.

I looked at him like... whaaaat?

"Hurt him? How?"

"The way you reacted was hurtful to him."

"Dude, are you kidding? He was rubbing his groin right in my face like there's a disease down there. Yet he wants to take my order?!"

"You should have corrected him with love," my date said.

At this point, I burst out laughing.

You see, Empaths get on my nerves sometimes.

The idea of absolving every wrong in the hope that love will prevail is not only silly, but impractical.

The idea of believing in every human being and looking out for every good even in the worst individuals is the job for Christ, not for humans.

How in hell do I correct an adult male for rubbing on his groin in front of me and asking for my order? Pray tell, how do I "correct him with love"?

Waiter, dearest. Kindly do not scratch your privates whilst talking to me. Ok, darling. The lord loves you. And if there's any disease down there, let me know. I'll pray for you.

Is that what I should have said?

Pfff.

Empaths take on the responsibility of others and suffer in their place.

There's also a bit of messiah complex there.

It's like a deadbeat father showing up in your life after 36 years. The last time you saw him you were 5, and he visited with only a pack of biscuit.

In 36 years, someone else showered you with love and attention.

But when the Empath sees the loser of a biological scum crawling back in now that he (the son) drives a brand new car, the Empath of a son takes him back and tries to build a future with dad.

It's sickening. 

Have some respect for your own future and leave the scum out of your life. 

But does an Empath think about the drama and abuse someone so irresponsible can cause? Nooooo! They just want to be "kind".

Please shift.

Recognise that the dad wasn't dead all that while, he just refused to be responsible towards you. The moment he realises you are in the position to play the role he could have played in your life, he runs back to you... and as the Empath that you are you take him back and try to incorporate the loser into a family that he doesn't belong in.

A pragmatist will tell that dolt to keep it moving.

In broader perspective, there's nothing wrong with both - Empath and Pragmatist...

But as a pragmatist, it is very difficult to be with an empath who is stuck in hakuna-matata, a beautiful utopia that practically doesn't exist.

It's like the way we analyse Nigeria...

We see clearly that it's a shithole... but religion and poverty thrives on hope, which is the bedrock of the Empath. So the Empath sees a great nation, but the pragmatist sees a nation that should be leased to China.
.

The next conversation we had was about Tiwa and Teebillz.

I said, "Teebillz is a manipulative ass."

Mr. Empath reacted, "Why do you say that? He loves his wife. He is hurting."

Lol!

At this point I knew we weren't going to agree on anything.

This man managed to make Teebillz look like the victim in all of this.

A man who was out to shame his wife, her family, his family, his wife's music label boss and label executives/colleagues... a man who wanted the attention that could crush everyone yet save him was now branded as a victim on a date that I should have had the common sense not to accept.

Fine dude doesn't equate thoroughly sound perspective on issues or new knowledge.

At the end of the date... I was certain I wasn't feeling anything close to desire...

Except the desire to go home and sleep.