# Rant1346



November 15, 2018

It's a waste of my time and talent being the CEO of a company. 

Honestly. 

I want to create art, but I'm busy dealing with people and figures all day!

Shit I don't care about.

Because Nigerians will only respect you when you open an office in a fancy mall on the Island and be prancing around with a tag.
.

I have over 20 stage plays in my head.

I have five books in my heart.

I have countless movie/TV series in my belly.

I have creative ideas crawling out of every pore on my skin... 

Yet the high point of my entire day was managing people, resources, logistics and figures.

I didn't even write ONE sentence! 

And this happens alot these days because a writer had to become a business woman!

Yes, I have a manager, but as long as you are CEO, you are required to give the last take on everything!

It's insane that we don't have enough companies or at least enough commonsense to understand that I don't have to be anything other than a writer.

In a sane society, Write Culture will be under another company that manages all its affairs, while I focus on creating the content that pushes the brand.

But not in Nigeria.

Today was legit annoying and unproductive, in my opinion (apart from the brilliant rehearsals earlier in the day).

I was talking to my boyfriend about this a while back... 

I don't write as much as I should now that I run a company.

Writing and creating are the reasons I was conceived...

But see what Nigeria made me become.

Phew.