# Rant1121


March 23, 2018

Whenever pre/post-wedding pictures of a plump woman who looks older than her groom hits social media, little hungry/bleached nonetities hurry to the page on Instagram to lament...

"Sorry bro. Don't be offended. But is she your mother or your aunty?"

That's what you hear. But what she is hoping to relay is:

"I am here - pretty and YOUNG (young being the key word). How is it that I don't have a man, yet this old fat woman can cling to a hot man claiming love?"

That's some deep shit right there.

And I wish the couples who find such lousy comments on their pages would just delete and move on. 

The idea that marriage has anything to do with looks or youth or beauty, or whatever the heck the next peep can concoct, is idiotic. And many people grovelling under the weight of poverty in Nigeria are idiots. They need an outlet to express bitterness, and they choose to poke at other people's happiness.

I remember one D- actor who got married to a rotund woman whom he said he loved deeply on his Instagram page.

Ok.

Before we could all spell L-O-V...

One smello from the pit of Mafoluku, jumped on his page and called the wife "ugly and old".

Eish. 

Nigga was not having any of that. He lamented on a longer comment and said he'd find the girl and kill her.

Damn. 

We take people too seriously. I mean, all you need to do sometimes is take a hard look at the profile and page of a hater. That's all. They are scum. How do you sit in a public toilet and try to have a conversation with the small pond of froth festering near a bowl of shit?

How do you have a conversation with a dirty wall covered in dross?

That's what you do when you respond to this angry little toddlers on social media whose only ambition is to find a permanent location and partner to fuck.

It's always the little receptionists or unemployed twats that have something to say about a plump madam's wedding.

Little girl, you have a vagina and the plump madam also has a vagina. But whatever else she has - the other important things that make up a human being with an evolving mind and worth, is something you don't have, and you may never have. And not every man has time for chewing gum love. 

The fact that I have to talk about marriage and place it above a yawn bothers me sef. 

All of you stay single and go find something to do with your lives.

It's always women shaming women when they release those pre/post wedding ish. You won't  find a man judging the age of another man in wedding pictures.

Equality doesn't start in the boardroom. It is not when they give you MD/CEO title as a woman that we celebrate female advancement...

It starts with your fucking mind. And from where I stand, not one of you trifling plebieans are ready to run the full length of what it takes to be equal. 
.
White women are loving and/or getting married to adult male of any age. Society isn't telling her to find someone just as fat or old or ugly as she is. They let her live her life.

Come to Nigeria... women can't even love any man unless society agrees this is her match based on the number of flesh rolls she has on her belly or the triple chin she carries around.

It's not your business. If you are so damn beautiful and young, how come Anthony Joshua hasn't sent you a gift?

You overestimate the value of your beauty, youth or fake eyelashes.

They all count for very little, homies.