# Rant1136


April 8, 2018

For over 25 years, my mum and I have gone back and forth about Humility.

It's an irony she has a daughter like me - a proud, cocky thing. I'm sure she wouldn't like me if I didn't come from her womb. Lol!

My mum is stuck on this thing called "humility" like babies are stuck on breast milk.

I've been hearing this word since I was 10! The horror! 😂

"Aww. That girl is humble. See as she sat on that chair quietly."

"Aww see that humble man. He came down from his car to greet that old man."
.
One day, she said of a chick...

"See that humble girl walking by. She has only three or four clothes and wears them with pride."

"But she happens to have a weave on her head. Chinese weave for that matter. How humble is she now?" I responded. (Chinese weave was the koko back then).

Mum was quiet. Seething even. Damn this cheeky 15 year old daughter of hers trying to make this humble-girl-walking-by out to be a haughty Chinese-weave-wearing-proud-person. As if having three-or-four-clothes isn't enough show for humility. 
She struggled for a moment with a response, then left me and went into the kitchen to make a humble meal 😂
.
We argued alot while I was growing up.

I just didnt know what level of humility she wanted; and when I did, I didn't care about it. I never was the daughter of my mother, if you understand what I mean. We only managed to find kindness, tolerance and courtesy as the years happened. 

Present day, we are back with this humility business.

It's Teddy A versus Miracle.

"Why don't you like Teddy A," I ask

She accused him of saying to Big Brother, during the diary session, that he can't roll with Miracle outside the house.

So I ask her, "what's wrong with that?"

Now she is disappointed that I cannot see how wrong this is.

But I can't, you see? And this has been the issue all our lives. But for the first time, I gave a full explanation:

Teddy is not being arrogant. He is being sincere. And I'd rather work with a sincere  Nigerian than a humble one.

Do you know what humble people do in offices?

Let me tell you:

When stealing is going on, the humble employees do not say a word. Why? They don't "want wahala". It is their favourite term.

When a supervisor is incompetent and costing huge losses to the company, the humble assistant never complains to management... because he is humble and needs to be in the good books of everyone, even the gecko on the wall has to like him.

When a humble worker discovers a rot in the system, he is quiet. When the company crumbles under the weight of that rot, he takes his sack letter and walks away without making any confessions to the CEO - confessions that could help the boss figure out how to restructure his company moving forward.

Humble Nigerians connive with others in and out of the company to forge documents that allow them carve out fraud businesses that enjoy the benefits of the company that pays  their salaries. Yet they are humble - bowing ten times a day and calling everybody "sir/ma".

Humble Nigerians have sealed lips. They are narcissists, they care only for themselves and how they look in any situation. And the only time they speak is when it benefits them.
.

So Teddy A believes he can't hang out with Miracle on the outside. So what? He is speaking his truth. Would we rather he lies and then build a false friendship with Miracle?

But you know what a humble Nigerian would say to Big Brother? He would say, "Yes. I will hang out with Miracle and will help him through all his struggles in life because that's how my mother brought me up."

Bullshit.

Even though he can't stand to watch Miracle take in oxygen. He is going  to say shit because it's what we like to hear.

People commit crimes and all they have to ask for is forgiveness with their tail between their legs, and Nigerians will hail them "Humble".

They'll nail the confident man and free the criminal who can grovel for forgiveness.

We are sick people. And I will have none of that disease. None!
.

Let me tell you the kind of executive that I am...

If you steal, I report.

If you are incompetent, I'll make sure they get you out of my sight.

If you are my supervisor and you are an idiot, I will ask management to give me your position because I can do your job better.

If you do not carry out your job well, I will inform management.

If you threaten others... if you try to promote mediocrity in the office based on your longevity as a mediocre executive, I'll call you out immediately.

And I will do this to your full knowledge. You will be totally aware that I am behind it.

I don't do it out of malice, I do it because it is the right thing to do. Hello?!

I say these things and my mum shudders. All these years and she is yet to come to terms with my beliefs. It's hilarious to watch how she cringes.

I do not have an ounce of Nigerian humility in me. I do not want humble Nigerians around me. They are the ones that will kill you eventually.

I want sincere people with a chunk of confidence.

Look at your humble Efe. The thing you people voted for because he kept grovelling and reminding us, "who I be?" Like he was worth nothing. You know? We like that shit. We like people to grovel so we can lift them up.

But the confident Nigerian is greatly despised. 
.

"No gain for pride," mum will say.

"I agree, mummy. But what you speak of is not pride. It is confidence."

When I say I am Content (in regard to creating original content)... If she sees that post, she will cringe. She'd rather I say... "I am nothing if not for this gift of writing."

But I don't talk like that. And sincerely, I am yet to see the demerits of being very confident. 

There are none.

People, ditch this sneaky humility, abeg. Grab some confidence on your way out.
.

PS: Confidence without knowledge is a pile of dung, by the way. Best to stay "humble" if you will not take a book and read. Just saying.