# Rant1403



December 28, 2018

I've always known that Love is not enough.

That shit don' mean nothing to me.

"I love you."

So?

Then what?

Do you know how many niggaaz tell me that every other day?

Real love is sacrifice - of your time, your resources, your flesh, your heart.

If s/he isn't capable of giving that much of him/herself to you then let them go find that person they'd rather sacrfice for.

Love on your part should be selfless enough not to be with someone who isn't willing to move an inch for your sake.

Like... they just sit their butt down and claim they love you.

And that is supposed to mean something? Anything?

"I love you..."

Nah.

Let them go! There's someone out there meant for them. Someone they would gladly run on third mainland bridge for. 

That person isn't you. And that is fine, yo!

It takes nothing away from who you are and what you are built to do.

Be happy for them.

Paddle your canoe away.

There's so much more to life. Open your eyes and see. That is why Art is so important. You can SEE things and find wonder in ordinary things that mean absolutely nothing to others.

If you are into art, you are a god.

And gods don't stick around sticky, undefined situations.

You are a god, yo! You create art.

Stand tall.

We must learn to stop allowing the feelings of the opposite sex define who we are.

We are gods! 

Period.

Be smart enough to read the fine details of words buttered with "love".

Anything can claim to love you from the convenience of inaction. 

That shit is disrespectful.

And alot of people allow others get away with disrespecting them.

If love isn't sacrificing, then love isn't love.

It is Convenience.

And there's a reason toilets go by that name.