# Rant1328



October 26, 2018

My father never raised his voice at me. 

He never beat me. Never.

He beat the other kids and yelled at them, but not me.

It seemed he loved me too much or feared me greatly. I don't know.

He considered me powerful and fragile at the same time.

When I upset him, he screamed at everyone.

When anyone else upset, he screamed only at them.
.

When I left my marriage, I paid him a visit.

We both sat quietly for long minutes. He was tracing invisible lines on his table. 

I told him why I was leaving.

He nodded.

"Yes. But apart from these reasons which many women will overlook... you don't want to be married, do you?"

"No, daddy. I don't want to be married anymore."

"It's ok," he smiled.

And that was it.

I was so relieved. Because, you know, you want the patriarch of your life to be on your side when you make such decisions.

So when they called him for a meeting, he told them...

"I'm sorry, there's no reason to meet. My daughter doesn't want to be married anymore."
.

My father never judged me. Not even when I spilled water on the floor as a child.

I heard "idiot, bloody fool" pass over my head towards others, when they upset him, but not to me. Never.
.

He would drive all the way to my school in Badagry, which was on the other side of Lagos, on a weekday just to say hello.

He knew it was prohibited for parents to visit their children except on Visiting Days, but he liked to break that law.

"Five minutes, sir!" The house mistress would reiterate.

"Yea. Yea," my father would say.

I'd come out of class to see him... and all he'd ask me would be...

"Isi, are you good?"

And I'd smile and say, "Yes, daddy."

And he'd leave me with a bag of groceries. 

He never exceeded five minutes.
.

We never hugged. He'd only put a hand on your shoulder and look into your eyes, like sports coaches do. And he'd say whatever he wanted to say.
.

I realised, only recently, that my father was one of the kindest people I had growing up.

I realise, also, that I am my father's daughter through and through. I am like him in my ways.

And this makes me proud 😊