# Rant1251


September 2, 2018

To become a celebrity in Nigeria is an easy thing to achieve for it to be a leading objective of anyone with great ambition.

But wharrahell! Who "great ambition" epp?

I list 10 steps to help you:

Open an IG account. Buy a few bots. Get brilliant photo editing apps. Start posting!

Get a content writer to help broaden your scope of knowledge OR just stick to breathtaking pictures. You'll be fine.

Get a publicist to work your brand. Make sure you get your invitation to well-publicised events. Invites are a dime a dozen, trust me. Get that publicist to do his job. Turn down half of the invitations.

Have an impressive wardrobe OR partner with designers to give you outfits for way lesser price. Become a muse. It's all about the money. Easy.

Make sure your makeup artist, stylist, photographer are just a call away.

Do not have original opinions about anything. I repeat: do not have original opinions about anything. Do not analyse anything. Do not let us into your ignorance. If you are quiet and face your front and mind your business of becoming a celeb, then we wouldn't be burdened by things you have no impressive opinions about. Fluff your way around discussions. Please. 
Don't talk about feminism. Don't talk about religion. Don't talk about marriage. Don't talk about culture. Don't address domestic abuse or submission. Trust me, you will get it wrong. Trust me.

Be kind. Start an NGO or something. Look for one Tonto or Omotola or any beauty queen hasn't yet started. Fill the charity gap.

What else?

Make some celebrity friends. Especially the younger ones. They are easier to handle. Sponsor a dinner date with some of them. Let them fawn over your generosity. 

Don't hustle to get into a clique. Put one leg in. Play around camaraderie. Have your name on their lips. Live up to their own hype. Match their lifestyle. Overtake their lifestyle. 
.

But most importantly, pretend you don't want any of this. It's all happenstance. It just, you know, fell on your lap... because, you know, the industry needs someone like you. Someone "different".

Show up all dressed up and tell us how you'd rather be attending a symposium at Stockhlom... but "celebrity duty calls". You are here, on this green earth, because, well, you have to do your "job". Else you'd be on Mars.

.

You are welcome.