# Rant1073


February 10, 2018

Yesterday, driving through town, tasting the nightlife of Lagos, we came across a pack of women and children seated on a pathway right on a major road.

It was almost 11pm, and there were 3 year old children – haggard, hungry and homeless, with their mothers and sisters about to lay tattered wrappers and rags out in the open.

You live in Nigeria, you see poverty everyday, even in the most unlikely places. 

Poverty or lack does nothing to me – not anymore, not in a long while. I reached an understanding with my conscience a while back, and we (my conscience and I) agreed that it was ok to be cauterized.  

My conscience is seared towards poverty or lack or any financial, social, moral decay Nigeria suffers.

But last night, it got to me. And you must understand that this is very rare. Nothing gets to me regarding people’s direct or indirect choices. I believe strongly that poverty is a choice, as much as wealth is a choice.

It was the little kid, I think. I saw it chewing on something that I was certain wasn’t food. Its hair was a touch of wild orange (perhaps due to undernourishment), and the full weight of this “crime” called poverty got to me.

“That’s a child, for gods-sake! That’s a child out in the night with no roof over its head. Do these adults plan to sleep here with these little children?” I cried.

My boyfriend sighed, apparently reacting to the shock in my voice – the pain, perhaps.
 
He rolled down the window to my side and gave me N25,000 to pass to them. They were, I think, eight adult women, four older teenage girls, and up to six infants.

When we drove off, silence enveloped us. Then he sighed and said:

“You know… we did not solve anything. They are still poor. They will still be hungry before the end of the weekend. And that’s the truth.”

I have said the same thing many times in this space. Poverty can only be solved by the sufferer who gets tired of its scorch. Poverty can only end when the sufferer is willing to end it.

It is why, even in the most advanced, compassionate and benevolent nations where wealth is evenly distributed, THERE ARE STILL POOR PEOPLE.

It is why a man will win the lottery worth millions of dollars, and he will die three months later of overdose or alcohol.

Poverty is a lifestyle. Under-development may persuade it, but it is essentially a way of life that sustains itself; it will outlive even the biggest persuasion from society.

Poverty motivates itself; it needs no other external motivation.
And unless, in some ways, you are called to attend to “the poor”, the frustration of its sufferers, their entitlement to wretchedness, will kill you.

If you have ever witnessed the entitlement of the poor and its ability to discriminate against itself, you will understand why it will always exist – and this is ok. To have the poor in society is ok, and you may not need to do anything about it. 

I think there are people who are called to this assignment. They come with the requisite grace to trudge through the mess of poverty and still feel led to continue helping the human beings whom, like the Ouroboros, eats itself.

Because deep down the majority of what poverty represents is not a way out of it, it is a way around it; methods that will require less of everything that can truly take them out of their position of lack is not the ambition. Poverty isn’t aiming for wealth, poverty aims to be pitied and understood. If you don't understand it, they call you "arrogant", "full of yasef", "God chose to bless you. Why judge?"... and all other eye-rolling vomit.

I will never be able to understand how eight women and four older teenage girls cannot come together, start something and find a room they can all pour themselves in, as they stick their necks out to grow some form of wealth. 

Eight women and four older teenage girls can do great things. They don’t need education to get wealth, they need to despise their present situation enough to get off the ground and search for a “better life”, which at this point, is relative. Anything but sitting on the road with little children by 11pm.

I mean… these women are still fucking and having children, even in blatant. homeless poverty!

When we gave the money to the pack, one teenage girl said to us:
"Please, give me extra N1k for my brother, e dey sleep."

Smh.

Poverty is such a problem to itself. 

“Poverty” wouldn’t know what to do with N5m.

But the “wealthy” knows the potential of a N500 note.