# Rant1248


August 30, 2018

I remember that time, dating my Ex, I used to run around with him for his business -  to meet with his clients. I wanted to understand his business - you know, be useful, et al.

Fresh out of school (actually, not so fresh out of school. I had graduated two years earlier), and in a relationship, intrigued by life and people's interpretation of everyday living. I was boisterous.

We took an okada from Festac to Island yo! We had no car, traffic was crazy, he was running late to a meeting, so taxi or danfo was out of the question.

The okada rider drove safely to the Island oh... It was when we got to Victoria Island we had an accident - right on a busy street by 11am.

My boyfriend was bleeding. He was all I saw - kicked to a corner of the road by the impact of the okada and a bus. I panicked!

I crawled to where he was, looking at him and the cuts he sustained and how much hurt he felt sitting there next to a gutter.

I carried his pain inside of me. I was crying and I was calling his name.

"Are you ok? Sweetie are you ok? Are you ok?"

It was one of the guys who came to help us from across the road that looked at me and said...

"Sis, you are bleeding more than he is. Your cut looks deeper than his. Don't you feel your own pain?"

It was then I looked at my leg...

And I was like... what the hell!

It was white flesh yo! The okada scraped my skin out. I was white flesh covered in blood.

I took my eyes away from him for one minute... then I felt my own pain.
.
.

I may not have enjoyed the reward of that union... because there was no reward, and not every sob story turns to good reward.

But the cosmic never forgets.

Reward will come. It doesn't have to come with the nigga you suffered with.

It doesn't even have to come with any nigga.

I was going to get my reward from the cosmic, regardless. Nigga or no nigga.

But hey, I ain't complaining. I like how the cosmic played out my reward.

Better than any script I could have written for my own gratification.

*Kanye shrug mixed with Diddy's smile*

😊😊😊