# Rant1308


October 7, 2018

In the Handmaid's Tale, when the handmaids introduced themselves by their real names, things began to happen.

Identity is a powerful thing.

I am rather amused by how uncomfortable Nigerians get when they are identified by their names. We would rather have prefixes as our identities.

It is sad. It is laughable.

"My name is June," the handmaid said, and that declaration triggered some kind of awakening amongst the other handmaids.

It is symbolic. It validates their humanity. And it strengthens their cause.

Powerful people are never identified by titles.

It is always the conceited that wants to be addressed in prefixes and suffixes.

It is for lack of substance that we demand to be titled or prefix-ed.

Steve Jobs is Steve Jobs.

Bill Gates is Bill Gates.

Oprah is Oprah. The surname doesn't even count. Oprah - that identity moves mountains.

Amanpour is Amanpour.

Mark Zuckerberg... etcetera. 

Your name. Your power.
.

When I was invited to a bourgeois school to teach a class of SS 2 students in 2016... the head teacher asked...

"How should we address you?"

"Call me Joy."

"No, I mean the students. How should the students address you?" She asked again.

"I'll like them to call me Joy."

She was uncomfortable with that and still managed to introduce me as "Mrs."

*roll eyes*

Right in the class, where all the children sat waiting for me to speak, I corrected her.

"I do not want to be identified as 'Mrs.' or any other prefix. My name is Joy. Call me Joy."

Then I turned to the students and said...

"Say JOY!"

"JOY!" They all screamed, some giggled. They were fascinated.

"Good," I smiled, "You didn't die."

They laughed, and we had a good session.
.

There was that time I told my daughters to call me "Joy".

They laughed and laughed and laughed.

"Please leave us alone. We are not calling you Joy. Your name is mummy."

"Mummy is not a name," I said.

"Whatever!" They waved their hands.

😂😂😂

Bottom line: This is 2018. New knowledge comes with smokescreen detectors. Titles mean nothing. Own your identity. Nothing else should be required.