# Rant1138


April 10, 2018

Yesterday I paid for an apartment in Lekki Phase 1.

I decided it'd be best to have apartments in both sides of Lagos (because you just never know which side of this pretentious third-world wreck of a city will burn first).

The initial plan was to move all my life to the Island... then I paused, gathered sense, and reviewed my intentions.

Now I have an office at The Lagoon Mall (opposite The Palms, Lekki)... if I wish to get any work done and preserve my sanity, it'd make no sense driving both ends of Lagos every day.

So yes. I'm keeping both apartments.

But the story is, I met an impressive woman. She was the main agent/supervisor of the building/apartments. It's a new property and we spoke with her for a while.

And all through our conversation, she didn't focus on my partner. She focused, rather kindly, on me.

First question she asked our agent was, "who'll be staying here?"

"She's staying," my partner responded.

With that information, she focused on me. Not even a glance to the men. I found that really interesting and somewhat empowering.

She didn't care to play the stereotype of the man as the carer or sponsor of the woman. She didn't seem to care. She directed all information to me. We drove down to her office and she gave me the documents to fill. Smiled at me and all. She is young, professional and endearing.

It's not an approach we see every day.
.

I dine and lounge at very nice places, and from experience I know that orderlies and service providers pay little attention to the woman.

From security guards, to waitresses/waiters... the woman is seen as an accessory.

We had to block an agent for referring to me as "the girl" just because I was always in the background acting invisible when negotiations were on. 

My partner was shocked when the agent made the statement... "Does the girl like the place?"

Unfortunately for the agent, the phone was placed on our car speakers, so "The Girl" reverberated around the car to our disgust. I clapped my hands and shook my head. "I have suffered," I laughed. Lol!

My partner took it off speaker and spoke in the calmest of voices, "Please don't ever call her a girl again. Do you know whom you speak of?"

I was popping my invisible collar, feeling fly😂😂😂

But sincerely, with age, I have come to a soothing conclusion - not minding any of that sexist behaviour (except it is full blown insult then I will give it back in good measure, shaken together... or just ignore... it will all depend on my bank account at that moment. Lmao!)

Because we all are, in some degree, sexist.

The things I would lose my peace over four years ago are things that make me giggle now.

I am not fighting for equality on the streets of Lagos. Nah. Gender issues and assumptions are just not sexy enough to get my attention these days.

I am 40. I am spending the rest of my life deliberately. 

And I have work to do.