# Rant1226


August 2, 2018

The typical Nigerian position-argument is always a disgrace.

A child is raped by a teacher... our first argument is on poor parenting. 
On some depraved instances, our argument rests on the Devil.

Only a few attack the matter sensibly - focusing on the teacher and the responsibility of the school.
.

An officer beats a "slay queen".

Ah! A delightful topic for all the scoundrels to come out to play.

The argument will tear off her underwear and her bleaching cream and wig... but it will leave the officer almost unscathed. 

Not too many people will question why a police officer should beat up a woman.

The degenerate minds of many will also wonder why she is out so late by 11pm. The incident will bring out the beast Nigerians try to hide in their closets, asking the dumbest questions and arguing the most idiotic points.

"If she is married shebi she will not be roaming the street by this time..." and other drivel.

.

It's the same way we tackle popular issues...

A woman with ten languages on her tongue and 250 countries in her portmanteau comes out and defiles the true meaning of Feminism, yet we are cautioned not to think lowly of her as her credentials are read out to us to remind us that she has degrees and has been to many cities in the world.

A woman who has been married twice and finally out of the hold of a man. Who decides to keep her father's last name after two marriages. A woman who has enjoyed the privileges of life and aspires to the number one position in the country...

That woman isn't ignorant about Feminism.

She is simply trying to burn the bridge of possibilities that has seen her through life, so no other woman passes through. And she is also trying to package herself for the third time... or something like that.

That is what many women do.

She has enjoyed the benefits of Feminism, but as a true black person - yea, woman - she must ensure that the perks of true equality do not happen to another of her kind.

It is probably her campaign goal - to be controversial. And what faster means to controversy than bashing feminism and play-acting the role of a dunce to the glee of millions and millions of men and women who love to see the shackles put on the Nigerian woman.

You know, the most entertaining situation in life is to watch a woman who aspires to freedom dragged back to chains, reduced to nothing.

Ah! It's a blockbuster deserving of popcorn and congratulations.

"We were able to drag those free women back to their place in life. Yas!!!" goes the chants of celebration.

Women, especially, love to do it to other women.

Eunice has lived a life many women have only read in books. She's been married, been divorced. She has travelled the world. She has studied in academic institutions we struggle to take our kids to. She has seen the world...

And this is why she is degenerate. One with reprobate behaviour...

-Because she knows the truth. She knows that a woman who grasps knowledge, acknowledges her power and touches the hem of freedom... is the most astonishing creature in the entire world.

And she wants to make sure not too many Nigerian women embrace that truth.

She is a wicked person, and undeserving of the attention.

But only a month ago, I realised I have a core fanbase of 18 year olds who read my opinions religiously... it is to them I write this post and give some kind of attention to Eunice.

Dear Teenagers,
A woman like Eunice doesn't count. She doesn't matter. She may travel the world... but her head is blank, her soul is poor, her life tells no true story of greatness.
I will implore you not to judge anybody based on trips and fancy things and a file of degrees. Judge the content of their heart. Judge the consistency of their stance.

Judge the power of their truth.