# Rant1319


October 19, 2018

We have to bring up our children differently from what we know society to be presently.

This society grates my nerves.

See ehn...

When you work for someone, and you are paid wages for your labour, there's no place in that equation where "the company or brand used me" should ever arise.

The problem with our twisted logic is (that) we expect our employers' personal level of success to rub off on our lifestyle.

That is valid. Nonetheless, that "rubbing off" is not the employer's duty, it is yours.

If you are hired by Wizkid as a bodyguard, the only thing Wizkid owes you is your salary, or any other agreement signed within the context of the working relationship.

You are not entitled to anything else from Wizkid just because you work closely with him and you know he owns a chunk of Africa's music success. No.

He doesn't owe you a car, a house, a trip to the Bahamas... he doesn't owe your mother her hospital bills, he doesn't owe you funds for education just because he can afford it.

Your verbal or written contract rests on your wages and the work required of you.

It is insane for you (or anyone around you) to think that you must drive a Camry for being a Dangote receptionist, or you must own a house in Magodo for being Otedola's Personal Assistant.

Employers do not owe you what you think their status can benefit you.

If at all their status should benefit you, then it is up to you to get an education from the experiences they live right in front of you.

You are the one that can change your lifestyle based on how you are able to process facts and events you observe that make them what they are.

If they will leave an impression on you, it's your call, not theirs.

We underestimate the ability of growth and success just by observing. 

We must begin to appreciate Encounter and Experience and what we can do with these when we work with certain people.

They don't owe you anything.

And so they cannot "use" you.

Stop with this beggarly, hand-to-mouth evaluation of life. 

Don't you people ever get tired of being so ingratiating?

If you work with a Wizkid, understudy his attention to his craft. If you work with a Steve Jobs, learn his work ethics. Allow his experience of being so passionate about his craft flow in your veins.

Now this is where people miss it: people said Steve Jobs was an asshole. Agreed. 

But guess what? If you work with him, that part of him is not your business!

Workers are always trying to find some fault they can hold on to about their employers so they can justify why they (workers) are nowhere near their (employers) level of success.

It's pathetic.

If you work for Steve Jobs, pay attention to his strengths, not his flaws. And if at all you have to focus on his flaws, it should be for the benefit of learning from them and not to criticize or judge him.

Do you understand? 

Whew.

Wizkid can travel all over the world, yet YOU his employee might live in Mushin.

Why should that not be ok?

And if you or your friends or family think it is not ok, then it is YOU who need to put on your thinking cap and change your situation by legally making your employer's experiences your learning stool.

Allow the Wizkid experience become your tool of learning, a space for education and not just service.

We don't understand these things and it is sad.

If you work with Adenuga for twenty years and you leave to go and work somewhere else that takes you ten years back in your career... it is not Adenuga's fault.

The question should be:

How is it that you worked with a billionaire and you didn't grab one lesson that could fine-tune your personal lifestyle or polish your career/business acumen?

If you didn't. It's fine. But don't say he used you.

Why blame your employer for not giving you a big fat house just because he owns 100 houses?

Are you entitled to one in the contract you signed?

Or is this about your little religious hypocrisies that promise you the prosperity of others?

Or our desperate culture that believes you are entitled to someone's blessing by proximity.
.

Someone said to me a while back that he felt he wasted a few years of his life working for someone.

Well, I know that person he worked for. The few months of being in contact with him changed my own life.

So who do we blame - his employer for making him feel that way OR the ex-worker who didn't have a sophisticated mind that could apply the daily principles of his ex-employer to reset his life?

I blame the ex-worker.

If you meet certain people and you remain the same, then it's on you.
.

Bottom line: It is ok to work with a Jack Ma and still jump bus everyday to work. And it is ok to work with a Jack Ma and be totally changed by the experience that it influences your thinking moving forward. 

The decision to allow his life/work ethics affect you is your responsibility and yours only.
.

Good luck, Nigerians... with your pitiful nuances of entitlement.