# Rant1064


January 24, 2018

Someone is trying to hack into my Facebook account.

Smh.

Such small ambitions.

Just in case you haven't noticed, I have reached a plateau on this wall. My ambitions are bigger and I don't care much for social media nods or activities. 

I have over 40,000 followers that I do not let into my private space to drop comments. I write a post and I get 12 comments. I delete the rest. I just don't care.

I am growing a company. I have a fucking duplex in Lekki phase 1. I live in hotels on the Island. My office is just 3 minutes away from my cosy hotel room. I am living the top executive Manhattan life right in Lagos...

That's my reality. 

What's your ambition? Hacking Facebook accounts like fucking scum?

If I hand this Facebook wall over to you with over 1,000 rants and over 40,000 followers... you will still be average. You will still be a loser.  You will still fail.

Because what people fail to realise is: people who know how to succeed will succeed regardless. And people who are average will be average regardless. 

There's Oprah and Mo Abudu, and there are little cute lightskinned girls married to billionaires who still can't run one tiny company successfully. Because average is average even with all the money in the world. 

We are not equal. Forget the shit they tell you. 

I have something you can never hack, I have a physical company. I have employees. I run shit. I have been making money in the same profession that has left many impoverished. 

My nigga, we are not equal.

I have been taking care of two children for more than 10 years all on my own. Some negro was asking that we hold family meeting before he will bring out money to pay for his own children's school fees and upkeep (LOL!). I told him to go fuck himself. And I told my family that I wasn't having any family meeting just so one negro can partake in the financial responsibility of his own children. 

Fuck you. I did this shit on my own, better than what many nuclear families can do. 

We are not equal.

Whilst you are acting like a rat trying to get to my crumbs, trying to hack shit... I am thinking of the over 50 web series WRITERS INC have been commissioned to write by our first client, Entefrica. And over 10 movie scripts WRITERS INC will be writing this year for celebrities.

We are not equal.

If I start another Facebook page again... give it one month, and it will hit massive points. 

You will hack into this one with over 40,000 followers, and you'd still be nothing. 

You are jobless, I am not. 

What you really need to hack is your sense of purpose. What is your life worth? A little above a penny? Ambitions that only require eating off the crumbs I leave on the table?

Eish. 

Facebook is not the dream. The dream is to get so busy that I can't find the time to post anything.

I have ranted over 1060 times. This is my vomit, hack it and come lick it like the dog that you are.

It is time for me to evolve beyond this space. I am aware of the favours and opportunities that I enjoy in the real world, and I plan to build on them.

So when all my friends are calling to say Facebook sent a login help message (obviously sent by a hacker), I laugh because I know someone's life is a mess, and he needs to sneak into mine to grab at whatever remnants of happiness he can find loitering on my bathroom floor.

You can have it. 

I've got real life to enjoy.

*Hello, Wednesday! Let's do great things.