# Rant1200


July 6, 2018

Many times I made high recommendation for women to get jobs, many times they lost their jobs and insulted me. 

I didn’t fire them, the bosses I worked for, at the time, did. They go behind to beg the bosses to give them back their jobs. They write letters to the men who took their jobs, stalking on social media, calliing with private numbers begging like fucking paupers to get their jobs back… but they come on social media to insult me.

I got them the job by introducing them to authority. They lost the jobs because they are dingbats, running offices like local restaurants. The jobs were taken from them by a boss, not me. But the boss goes scot free, and I get to bear the brunt of their anger, jealousy, frustration and stupidity. Yapping away shit about anything they can cook up to try to shame me on social media.

Many times.

You cannot shame me. I am fucking Phoenix, bitch.
.
.

If you are a woman and you have this terrible behaviour, I want you to know that you will die a mediocre bastard. Everything you touch will wither, your breast will shrivel, you will never experience true beauty. You will never find happiness. You will be scorned, you will be spat on, you will sow and you will not reap.

All of you.

Especially the two of you whose incident took place this year – the fat pig, and that other one.

The men you praise, will disgrace you. The women you shame, will rise and become your gods.

You are doomed.

Remember this day.
.
.

Whew! Had to get that out. Now let me go get some ice cream at the rooftop bar of this beautiful Epe Resort.