# Rant1243


August 24, 2018

Tasha St. Patrick (Naturi Naughton) in Power series is one character that clearly confuses me.

Tasha sleeps with her wig on. 

There are scenes, in bed, where the poor wig wants to come off, revealing nappy hair... but babe won't let her scenes be great without it.

Tasha takes a bath with her wig. She has sex in the shower with her wig.

She wears jewellery, heels or boots and designer-whatever at home, all made up with foundation and eyeshadow and blush, but nowhere to go... ready to prepare dinner.

Everyone knows the first thing a black woman takes off when she gets into her space is her freaking wig!

But not Tasha.

Tasha goes to bed with makeup on!!!

Can somebody please explain this shit to me?
.

Let's talk about her marriage to Ghost for a minute...

So Ghost is cheating. And the whole world is mad.

Ok.

But Tasha is cheating too!!!

As a matter of fact, Tasha was working towards adultery way before Ghost had his re-union kiss with Angela.

She masturbated at the backseat of her car just so the driver, hired by Ghost, could watch. WTF!

Ghost hooked up with his former lover. Yes.

Tasha, however, is sleeping with the fucking help!!!

Yet nobody is mad at her.

And she has the effrontery to feel betrayed?

Hellooooooo!!!
.

Tasha, take off your wig and have a good night rest for once.

It's almost as if she is afraid she'd be ugly, and ugliness will hurt her career.

This ain't Nollywood, girl.

You are part of an impressive series. 

Take that wig off!

And not just the wig... Take the foundation out, the eyelashes, the lipstick, reveal your nappy hair all wrapped up in a wig rag that sits the wig properly on your scalp.

Strip to bare bones.

That is greatness.

Ask Viola Davies.

Whew.