# Rant1351


November 19, 2018

Art is an acquired taste.

A good artist is like caviar. 

Good art is premium brand. Cerebral luxury.

It is why I will always be grateful when people pay for my art.
.

At the first showing of 'Bad Women' yesterday, there were 12 people who couldn't come in because the hall was packed.

I am not selling water or cosmetics or real estate.

Art is something the ordinary Nigerian can do without. 

But extraordinary people desire it like air.

And it is for the extraordinary we exist.

So I consider everyone who is part of my art a rare breed, a peculiar people. An extraordinary clan.

We were so overwhelmed yesterday, we didn't immediately think we could suggest to the 12 persons if they wouldn't mind standing to see the Play.

We told them to wait for the next showing.

5 people waited. One was pissed. 6 had to leave for other engagements.

We started late too.

Sigh.

I had to change venue. The venue I chose earlier was in such bad state.

I swore I wasn't going to stage my Play there yesterday. Not in the state I saw it the previous day.

So I Iobbied for another venue at Freedom Park. 

And you must understand how almost impossible that was.

Lagos Fringe is not my festival. I was only called to present a Play. So I have no privileges except the ones given to me. To ask for another venue, when a schedule had already been concluded, was me being a brat!

But Brenda loves me, and I try to use that to my advantage sometimes.

So I badgered her with pleas on WhatsApp all night to change the venue. In the morning she was at Freedom Park bright and early and was willing to stretch her goodwill.

She gave me a new venue. It wasn't easy. I know I am loved because she didn't have to do it. But she did.

Thanks, Brenda.
.

However, the demerit of a new venue meant I'd also have to move the time of the Play.

See, I knew I had a good Play. And because art is consumed like fine dining, I believe it is better to delay a little, than keep to time and use a venue that wouldn't give the right ambience.

So I held my breath. Bought a cake. Bought drinks. Bought gifts. And gave Roberta some money to get food for any guest who comes before/after 3pm.

For patrons of my art and lovers of my work, nothing is too much.

And I spoke to everyone who came before 4pm. I asked if they wanted lunch, I would buy for them.

They were kind enough to settle for the cake and drinks 😁

And they also won perfumes that I had bought.

Phew!
.

I was certain they'd love the Play if only they could forgive me for starting so late.

I apologized over and over again.

If we had held it at the original venue, it would have robbed us of the gloss we deserved.
.

The new venue I got ( the museum) required we arrange the chairs in an awkward position which would allow patrons turn left or right to see both stages.

Yes, we had two stages.

It was uncomfortable for some. But the idea was to engage you a little more than just sitting down.

I want to believe if the sitting arrangement was done in, say, Italy, you would find it "interesting", "artistic"...

I hope you were able to see it that way for me too, as a Nigerian artist 😊

If not, kindly take it as a new experience that will not happen again 😭
.

The first show had mostly young patrons - millennials and xennials. 

They laughed from the beginning to end. I was begging them to lower their excitement so they wouldn't miss key elements of the Play.

But nobody answered me 😂

They laughed and clapped and argued about it.
.

The second showing had mainly older patrons.

They were quiet and still. They smiled, they giggled, they nodded, they clapped.
.

All in all, nobody saw the twist coming. And everyone gasped when it happened.

I am proud 😁
.

So thank you for coming. And apologies, again, for starting late.
.

This December, I am fully in control of everything. It's my venue - paid for. I am running independent of any structure, so I promise to start at the right time.

And I promise a damn brilliant Play.

You can bank on that!

Bless.