# Rant1096


February 28, 2018

If there's an accusation of sexual assault and there's no proof, just word of mouth...

People must be allowed to stand on whatever side of the argument they agree with.

Insisting that we must all agree with the woman is nonsense.

I saw that madness during Sugabelly's case. All of that silliness of telling the rest of us that we will "burn in hell" because we wouldn't readily agree to her tale. That episode would have been hilarious if it wasn't so damn idiotic.

The bullying from ecstatic feminists regarding a tale that had very little evidence was just silly. You can't force people to agree that a woman is raped just because she said so!

It's not enough! Your anger, your tears, your sad stories and experiences are not enough to convict a man.

Reasonable doubt. Prove it.

Now we have #MeToo and all the women who claim to have been abused.

We must understand that no matter what we think of men when it comes to power, women hold just as much power.

Women, like men, can be bitter, vile, consumed by envy, hate and vengeance. These attributes can play out anytime. So not all women are truthful. Not all women are right.

Women lie. They scam. They manipulate. They seek to destroy. These are also traits men have.

So what that means is, the public has a right to stand with a man accused of rape and reject the story of the woman.
.

Think of a receptionist with a crush on her boss. But he never pays attention to her. He's probably even rude to her. Flatters someone else but not her...

She likes him. She wears her dress in a way to get his attention. Buys mascara to accentuate her beauty and tries to sound smart around him just so he can, at least, give her a smile that she could dream about for the entire year.

But he doesn't. He doesn't see her. Doesn't care about her. Isn't particularly aware she even exists. She is hurt, broken... her crush thinks she is nothing.

And when the company decides to downsize, guess who gets a sack letter first - madam receptionist. 

Boss flippantly tells HR to get rid of that "front desk girl".

She leaves. And she knows she will never get a man like him. She hugs her below average life, having dinner with a man made for her kind.

She is disgruntled. All she wants to do is attract a certain kind of man. No luck. That kind of man doesn't look her way at all.

Then #MeToo launches. And she sees women bouncing out of obscurity to share stories.

Some are real. But if we must be fair, some are plain fictitious tales from depraved minds of burnt women. 

But I am a scriptwriter, so you must forgive me if this is a bit too dramatic.

Nonetheless, it is important to allow people choose what they believe.
.

For instance, I stand with Ryan Seacrest. And any attempt to make him out to be some kind of Harvey Weinstein will not be acceptable, until that woman PROVES IT.

I believe his ex-worker is rising on the privileges of #MeToo to destroy a former boss/colleague who didn't invest in her emotionally.

It's her word against his. There's no proof other than what she keeps spewing every new week.

If that's all we have, then I have a right to stand on the side of my belief without some ignorant feminist-wannabe trying to tell me that I am victim-shaming. 

How can you be so sure who the victim is here? It just might be the man.

.
I watched Steven Spielberg on CNN today being honoured for decades of great work.

How much I love that man!

Now imagine a disgruntled secretary showing up at this moment of his glory to talk a pile of stuff about her being grabbed in the office by Spielberg.

And the entire madness of people worldwide demanding that we all believe the woman and attack Spielberg. 

Haba. Why? Because she said so? Should that be enough to end his career? Just her word?

I think we underestimate how many women love soft BDSM - especially in Nigeria. It's a hypocritical society and people like to pretend they only have sex under duress. But Nigerians love sex; and even when they claim to see visions and sing gospel music, they'll find a toilet to fuck. Hoping the toilet has no cameras.

It's how we are - pretentious horny beasts.
.

So if you cannot provide evidence (which we know is hard in many cases), then the world has a right to be divided on the matter of sexual assault.

I have seen women lust over men they cannot have. It is tough to watch. 

I have seen women choose the death of a man over a divorce or a break up. Yes, they'd rather he be dead than leave them.

What do you think women with such deep seated diabolical wretchedness will do when they have a platform like #MeToo?

There are vile men and there are vile women. And they will find a moment to attack, display their power, and subdue their prey when the opportunity arises.

PS: I don't care for men. I don't care for women. I care for a mind that thinks out of boxes. With that said, be wise with your interpretation of this post.