# Rant1115

March 20, 2018

Tiwa Savage is finally leaving that her husband.

Actually, it was Teebillz who served her divorce papers.

Since she has refused to be "responsible like Omawumi and be a homemaker."

Lol!

Let's not forget that he smokes weed, snorts cocaine, fucked up their savings, ate edible catering, was generally sabotaging her career by collecting and inflating performance fees behind her back, and his zero desire to grow up and live beyond the Lekki big boi tag - which usually stands for cute, well dressed, but not generating enough money on your own feet.
.

Their earlier reconciliation was, of course, a bloody farce. That was a woman trying to consciously dance to society's demands. I was curious as to how long she would keep up with that salsa she was dancing to please a society hardly every reasonable.

After a public reconciliation and sweet Instagram pictures and posts praising her beauty and skill, dude still feels left out. 

It is not a man like Teebillz, with no clear-cut to his own calling, that should be with a woman like Tiwa. And that's as plain a truth as it'll ever be served.

That's the thing: Don't marry the person who helped you through your darkest or brokest or lowest hour as recompense for their kindness or support.

It doesn't work that way.

You owe them something, but not Eros love or marriage.

Tiwa spent half her career reminding us that if it wasn't for Teebillz, she wouldn't have found the first cheque or opportunity to record her first album and perform on stage... yada yugu yigi. 

We hear you.

We get that. We get that he was the one who made you move ten steps forward when you wanted to give in and die... But did you have to marry him?

Not necessarily. The reward for a helper is not marriage. You can sign an agreement, financial compensation is a sweet thing. He could even be on your payroll for years. But marriage shouldn't have happened. 

That's what village people do: send my daughter to school and marry her afterwards. It is ludicrous.

People will rise at different phases/stages in your life to do amazing things for you. Judge their worth on a scale that departs from sexual reward or marriage proposals. Unless, of course, you are truly in love with the person and desire more with him/her - body and soul.

We are not even romantics, as Nigerians, so on many occasions we can't really tell what our heart feels - is it gratitude for what s/he did OR am I truly in love with her/him?
.

I hope Tiwa enjoys her new status and go on to do greater things as an artiste without being garrotted with the cord of the average Nigerian marriage.