# Rant1234


August 12, 2018

My girls have read 25 books since the holidays started three weeks ago.

I bought 16 books from my Dubai trip for them.

They were done in a week.

So we had to buy more books from local bookstores.

Now they are calling and asking for more books.

Hian!

They will finish my money on top novels oh!

I can't wait for them to be older. A few years from now they can dig into my library.

I have over hundred and fifty books. 

More than fifty books I bought at Ake festivals in the last three years.

When you read, you must smell the pages, cut the words out of brilliant sentences and eat them, run your fingers on brown sheets, hug the book and experience the sorrow, pain or joy it brings.

No kindle or audio options. Nah. 

I read Gabriel Garcia Marquez 'Love in the time of Cholera' on kindle and it didn't seem right. I couldn't experience many things I should have if I had the book in my hands.

There's something I usually do when I read. I close a page and sit on a sentence for an hour. 

I start a love affair with a few sentences... because they are just gorgeous and so full of wonder.

Ife has started reading that way too.

She used to catch me staring at walls, lost - completely in awe of what she can't see.

"What's wrong?" She'd ask.

"Oh nothing. I'm just thinking about the sentence I just read."

"You are thinking about a sentence?" She will raise her eyebrow.

"Yes. It is beautiful. I want to love it a little longer, spend time with it."

"You are so weird," she'd say, then hurry to her room where she would tell her sister - "mummy is thinking of sentences. She is so weird."

Now, she does the same thing - staring at nothing, book on her lap, lost to imagination.

It's a beautiful sight, I tell you 😊
.
.

You know... you can send your kids to average schools, but you must make up for it with books and travel.

I have given up on Nigerian schools totally!

But I will never give up on the possibilities and opportunities to allow them learn in unconventional ways. That is the new school.

They are readers.

Because if you ain't reading... then what really are you doing?