# Rant1148


April 19, 2018

Man. Woman. Flatmates. Chemistry or something like that. 

Man perpetually abuses woman verbally and emotionally. Woman takes a few steps back and tries to evaluate whatever this is. There are other residents in the building. So she acquaints herself with a few. And as humans are wired, gist is the glue that keeps them all together.

Man is angry, bitter, jealous and finds any means to insult, rebuke, demean, threaten, humiliate and disrespect woman.

"Useless thing. Stupid woman. Look at you - rag. Is it because I am talking to you. Foolish gossip. Your mates are married but you are here faffing around. Ashewo. Rubbish human."

Man points finger at woman, screams at her, makes life unbearable for her.

Woman takes it all in. Tries to wear a smile. Doesn't respond. She takes it all in and shows no anger. Bottles her hurt.

But across the street, neighbours applaud the act of man. 

"Why does she gossip? That's why he is upset nah."

"She dumped him. It really hurt him. So he is lashing out at her."

"Poor man. Please show him love. Don't abuse him. Nobody is perfect. We all have our flaws."
.
Mannists jump out of extinction to vindicate the man.

"We don't live in that neighborhood oh. We have never visited that area. But we like men who are strong and complex. So we stand by this man as he insults and degrades this woman in the full glare of the city."
.
Man is cautioned by the landlord to contain his anger. 

Man later beckons on woman to come for reconciliation as he lies on his bed casually. Woman stands in front of man, hands clasped, willing to accept his apology, willing to understand.

Man orders woman to join him at the balcony instead. Constant irritation as his companion. Woman follows behind quietly.

Seated, woman clasps her hands and bows her head as man speaks, still with a lot of venom stuck to his throat. No remorse. It is more of a vindication of his actions than an apology.

Woman bows head and listens kindly. But man isn't done...

You will find man ignoring woman when she asks questions regarding how they can co-exist in peace.

Man remains insufferable. Woman continues to live on the edge, expecting the next outburst and barrage of insults.
.
Mannists believe this is not domestic abuse. At all. Man is just, well, having a rough time in life, that's all.

Mannists believe man needs love and care and understanding as he is only human and, of course, imperfect. 
.
Woman tries to move on. Find solace in the arms of another.

Man will have none of that. Man's rage continues till infinity.
.

Mannists are rooting for man to become great.
.
.
.
Morale of the story: Mannists do not want equality. Mannists want men to become what they most despise in the opposite gender. 

That is what makes *Mannism quite the joke.
.

*Mannism (noun): the advocacy of men's right on the grounds of women's privileges (JIB standard dictionary)