# Rant1211


July 16, 2018

I was chatting with my ex this morning and he said something...

"You write for middle-class, you write for a certain target, you need to put a caveat that severs poor people from your rants - especially about money..."

He adds: "Because Joy, you can afford all your basic needs and some luxury, even without a man. Not everybody can do that."

He is right.

I speak about money from a place of relative comfort, and the knowing that I can achieve most of what I desire.

I take the liberty of my own ambition to assume that everyone should, at least, be able to eat, pay rent, pay school fees and travel.

"You have two apartments in Lagos, you have an office in Lekki, you've travelled many times - been to four states in America, Dubai, Gambia, Ghana, spoken at Harvard. Joy, are you sure you should be talking about money as a secondary need? I can only imagine the phone you are using to write all this grammar - you use an S8, right? You know how much that your phone cost?"

I agree. Totally.

I shouldn't try to diminish the importance of money. A new school session is approaching, and for the first time in 10 years, I will not be the one paying, which is just glorious. I get to keep my own money. And the thought of that makes me want to dance. That's the effect money has. So, yes.

But if I must add, I have always made it clear that I write for a certain kind of people. My bio reads, "an acquired taste". I don't write for everyone, definitely not for the poor - this goes for both mental and financial.

And I say this with all respect.

Thanks.