# Rant1137


April 8, 2018

You'll find a picture of a man and a woman holding hands, smiling...
Another picture of the same couple, with the woman's head resting on the man's chest... more pictures: he, saying something, and she laughing as she looks into his eyes. 
And probably another goofy picture with his hand around her waist and a rabbit sign she makes over his head.
.

You will click on "read comments", only because you like pain.

There, you will find Nigerian girls typing:

"The way Bambam dey gum Teddy ehn. Na wa!"

"Don't mind her, as if they are dating."

"No shame oh. Tueh."

"Useless girl. She think we will forget how cheap she is."

Bambam don't throw yourself on him. Itz not good at all. A man will not respect you like that. Take my advice. God bless you."

"She wants to date him by force."

"Where is that his babymama sef. Let her show off their child and do Bambam pepperdem. Lolzzz"
.

These  comments do not come from men. 

These are words formed by women.

A man and a woman in a picture, showing off affection, yet only the woman is blamed for the act. Only the woman is accused of showing off affection to the resentment of lonely whores.

Bitter, vile, ugly, broke, deplorable, reprobate whores with the ambition to find any fucking roué they can feature in their pathetic lives. 

Their scaly fingers desperately want a lecher to put a nasty ring on it as confirmation of their endless desire to play the worthy role of subordinate to a dunce in a marriage, buttered and made whole as a pepperdem presentation in a rented one-room hut preserved for matrimony.

They want anything with a third leg to give them a waka-pass role in a performance of love.

Even the most repulsive man rejects their affection - the jobless street rambler still will not have them in his life. It is that constant rejection that builds the foundation for the bile that houses the hearts of these millennials and their aunties in comment sections.

They are on Instagram, and they have opinions as they drown their tears in bowls of guguru, typing shit about other women.

Your hate is a performance that will not get you a bottle of Pepsi even from the loneliest of men prowling the earth choosing to fuck and love a one-legged chicken instead of you.
.

They say Instagram is the future. That future is one lazy debauched one for these xennials and millennials.

Rubbish.