# Rant1112


March 18, 2018

Yesterday.

I was at Shoprite to get my necessary survival kit for the week.

They didn't have the mini sized Bailey's , so I went for Maltina instead. 

I found a rather curious drink in the fridge - it's light alcohol but with milk in a can. I held the can for a minute trying to make a decision.

Then a guy that I had breezed past at the wine section was right beside me, smiling.

"Are you planning to numb an emotion or ignite a fire?" he asked.

"Excuse me?"

"This doesn't have much alcohol. I could help you pick a good one," he said pointing to the can in my hand.

Early 30s. Dark. Definitely South-West. 

His eyes though... had all the signs of a rolling stone. Lol!

"Let me show you a bottle I bought for a friend last week."

He was going to lead me back to the wine section.

"Are you a salesman?"

"Lord no! I've got nice shoes on."

Ok. That was supposed to be a joke - to suggest he is too fly to be a marketer. But I wasn't laughing. I wasn't offended. I had to hurry because I left my date at another store.

His attempts weren't so bad, on another day I may have indulged him.

I was certain what I wanted and didn't follow his lead back to the wine section. But he wasn't giving up just yet. He signalled that I wait one second, he'll get the bottle of wine.

He came back with a bottle. I was only being polite trying to act like I even drink wine...

As he was about to get into some kind of conversation, like pouring water on this plant growing on concrete... his friends showed up - three lousy guys who looked absolutely nothing like him.

"Oh boy! I just see that babe wey Bode gbensh that time!"

The colour on his face disappeared. The sheer embarrassment. He wanted to die 😂😂😂

I was greatly amused, and tried to use this perfect opportunity to go my merry way. But no, he washed the embarrassment off his face with a smile the minute he was able to shoo his boys away and said...

"I don't know them. They are neighbourhood kids. They wanted a ride down here just because they knew I was coming to get stuff."

"Kids? Of course," I smiled and told him I had to zap. 

He nodded, finally giving up.

😂😂😂

I can't remember the last time I heard that word "gbensh". Must be when my mum still had a shop at Olodi Apapa. I used to visit like once every year, and I'd hear a random nobody on the corner of a street, trying to irritate a girl, hawking whatever, with various silly terms.

"Gbensh" was part of the ingredient for nasty insults then.

Tsk.