# Rant1088


February 23, 2018

I am amused by the people who "defraud" y'all here. The fact that they can defraud you says a lot about you.

You see a 23-ish year old Nigerian man branding himself as a motivational speaker... and you actually take him seriously enough to motivate you???

How?

What experience does he have? What has he read? Where has he been? Has he established anything? Is he even gainfully employed to start with? 

But you are shook that he is begging for money. Will he not feed that hungry peak-performance stomach of his from your ignorance?
*
What about your 20-ish feminist/atheist male without a proper means of income, who is able to wow you with rants on relationships and evolution and thirdwave feminism... he leaves you e-wet, doesn't he? Toh. 

You finally meet with him and realise he is only but a roach. Nothing more. 
*
And how about the e-polygamist, toasting you and 16 others like you. He even gets to ask you for money... And you send him money from your N85k salary. Dear Lord!
*
Can we talk about the 30-40ish e-pastors sending prayers in your inbox, trying to ride on the popularity of religion and it's hatred for single women and love for dumb married women to fleece you?
.
.
.
I have them all in my inbox... they send their, "Excuse me dear Joy, can I have a minute of your time?"

That minute has still not been given to them since 2004.
.

The liars of wealth nko? You mean you can't tell when a man actually has money... We need to hear how he lied to you about owning Oando after sleeping with him and taking that sausage from the back?

Adult woman like you cannot tell a rich man after chatting for 30 minutes, you need to keep having these trial and error around town?

Unless you are planning to be an Igbo bride to a rich Igbo trader where he tries to win your love by appearing in torn pair of sneakers and dirty trousers... nothing excuses this pathetic naivety.

What is adulting about if it cannot decipher these elementary puzzles, pray tell? 
.
.
.
Stop being so vulnerable with broke and desperate people with no real talent.

It is actually impossible for broke-and-desperate to hide who they are. It's in the eye. It's in the curve of their lips. It's in everything they are and do - but you are slow; you don't see. 

This is 2018, how is it that you can still be swindled emotionally, financially or sexually?

You are an adult.

Be one.