# Rant1128



April 2, 2018

May I give very unexciting/prosaic suggestions to women and families with a girl child?

If you live in Nigeria with a police force that hold you responsible as a victim of rape, you cannot continue to approach life without caution, testing our collective ignorance, our abominable stance, and our foul opinions and judgements on victims of rape and sexual assault.

Unless you place yourself as a martyr of sort, which I am sure is not the plan. If you stand out to protest, you will be killed instantly. 
Your popular brand of religion - the wokest one of all (yes, Christianity), reminds you to forgive every trangresssion. "The bible says" is part of our rich lingo, so you can imagine how impossible it is to fight and win any war against rape. 
Culture, in present day Nigeria, constantly romancing woke religion also determines how far a woman can stretch her legs whilst walking, and how loud her voice can rise while speaking... if it goes beyond acceptable cultural rules, then you are to blame when you are violated.

You are disadvantaged greatly, woman. Sadly, half your Naija feminists are self-seeking idiots; senses and solicitude dulled by the Nigerian sun.

You are on your own, girl child. In many instances, even your mother will blame you for getting raped.

So why don't you just protect yourself? Water your own commonsense and make decisions that will keep you safe.

Like I said, these are very unexciting suggestions. I am not going to tell you to live your life and ignore all the warning signs and indications that Nigeria constantly throw at you just so you can show (that) your gender "wee not take eet". 

If you are going to be an activist, then be an activist and stand/fight for something. If you are not one, then cover your life with care.

In many cases, Nigeria cannot fully appreciate or regard women beyond a few places - kitchen, bedroom and school. In the North, school is ruled out. Your toys as a woman are bed and stove.

That is Nigeria. We have Nollywood producers who question why a woman cannot cook. We have Reno Omoikri having sex with fish of different sizes and analyzing vaginae everytime he has a hard-on. We have celebrities of all shades and sizes (mostly women!!!) cautioning this gender on how far she can go, and how carefully she must rise so as not to threaten the man.

It'll be hilarious if it wasn't so exhausting.

No matter how many times they tell the world that we are hospitable people and culturally relevant... lies! We are vile and hateful towards confident people, and towards women.

So here are my uninspiring suggestions:

1. They will most likely rape you at a night concert. 
Suggestion: Don't go to night concerts.
*
2. If you make your pastor your personal therapist and you have no clout, just an ordinary low-brain individual, he will eventually take sexual advantage of your vulnerability and dependency.
Suggestion: Don't make a pastor the solution to your ovaries. Register with a gynaecologist instead.
*
3. If you visit a random man in his house alone, he may rape you.
Suggestion: Stop testing the waters. Dont visit strangers or random male peeps alone.
*
4. If you beg a stranger to help you with N10k to fix your hair (the shit I read online), he may ask for sex.
Suggestion: How about you have some fucking sense and not ask a stranger for money to invest in something as fickle as hair-do? Ehn?! Do you have dreams at all, these women?! Does your weave appreciate or depreciate? Is there profit to be made when you make your hair? I'm tired of these women!
.

Use your imagination and think of other ways to live a colourful life instead of liaising with the devil all the time.

In China, I think, they banned access to almost all social media. Guess what? They are still alive and one of the most productive, most relevant countries on the map. They are presently leading climate change, mocking and daring bigger/ignorant powers like America, with Trump as president.

If you do not go to concerts, you will not die. 

I know this sounds really wrong in a leftist world, but it is exactly what I will tell my children. 

As girls, your absence at concerts can stand for some kind of protest.

Listen, entertainment is nothing without your gender (women and girls). Entertainment is nothing without your support as women.

Register your disgust at the present recurrent act of abuse at concerts by staying away from them.

You will find that solution will come sooner than you'd expect.

Think!

Be safe. You don't have a government to protect you. You don't have the police on your side. Religion will blame you. Culture will scoff at you.

You are alone.  Make smarter decisions with your safety as priority.
.

I empathise with every young girl sexually harassed and raped at that concert.