# Rant1113

March 19, 2018

Do we truly understand our predicament as Nigerians?

Your leaders don't care about Jamb. If your ward waits from 3pm to 7pm to write an exam organised by the government, they don't care if the child dies of dehydration or hunger.

They don't care if you have potable water. They are going to tax you for trying to dig a hole and quench your thirst anyways. There are no plans to fix the water problem. They don't care if you die of thirst. I have spent my whole life not ever seeing water, provided by the government, flow from a tap 

They don't care if you drive through states and die on your way because of bad roads and zero security.

They don't care if you are sick and government hospitals can't provide you even a bench to lie on. They don't care if there's Lassa fever killing people in hospitals. They'll deny the story and watch you die. They don't care.

They don't care if you are robbed on major roads. Nothing will be done about it. Go and pray to God to protect you. They don't care if you suffer third degree burns. No number to call to attend to your wounds. 

They don't care to improve the quality of education in Nigeria. They don't care. They don't want you educated anyways. They need more religious centres to dumb you down even more.

They don't care to improve the living conditions in hostels. They don't care if you have toilets or beds or desks.

They don't care if SARS treats you unjustly. Don't care if you are raped. They don't care if your car is stolen. They don't care. You are victims of whatever, you have to pay for asking the police to help you in whatever capacity.

They don't care about electricity. That is never going to be fixed. Can we just accept that in the next 25 years, we still will not be able to fix electricity? Our children's children will meet power the way it is. 

They don't care if you don't vote. They don't care.

They don't care if children you send to school are kidnapped. They'll take their time before visiting the school or commence any investigation. 

They don't care if you are angry on social media. They don't care if you call them out and label them incompetent. Because nothing will happen.  

They don't care about anything you complain about.

They only care that you respect your elders, wear "decent clothes", marry at the right age, attend to your religion religiously, and mind your neighbour's business.

That's the country we live in. And in many ways, we reflect this attitude in our daily businesses and encounters.

Our lives are so sad. The Nigerian leader is synonymous to sleeping with an enemy.

Imagine living with someone who wishes nothing good to come your way. 

And like victims of Stockholm syndrome, many of us find some kind of good in an intolerably decrepit situation that should not be acceptable anywhere in the world.

We are all like zombies. Try not to be like everybody else and watch how people will tell you to "take it easy".

From billionaires to paupers, Nigerians are building nothing, creating nothing, investing in nothing, empowering no one. Wealth still hasn't taught us how to rattle the status quo. We are buying and selling and building zero empires or institutions that can outlive us.

How do you know a people are cursed? When their billionaires can't build any legacy.

Look at Dangote and hundreds of his trucks littered all over the mainland, down to the end of the bridges at Costain and CMS.

Can't this billionaire acquire a massive land and take all these trucks away from our roads so that human beings can drive through and live decently? The bridges are holding heavy trucks, the bridges are shaking. 

Is anyone attending to this mess? No.

People are breathing in soot as oxygen. Does anyone care. No.

Like every abusive relationship with no way out, you sit at the corner of a room and wait for the last blow that will send you to the great beyond.

💔