# Rant1117


March 21, 2018

Wait.

I realised, only a few years ago, that I was a witness to the act of a pervert.

I spent a year in Ajeromi Ifelodun secondary school before heading to boarding school, LASMOCK. 
I kept a few friends in that hood, and since I had no friends where we lived or in my new school, I always went back to the hood to meet up with friends from my former school.

My closest friend, from my former school, was dating a teacher. We were barely 15 years old, but she was in a serious relationship with a teacher.

During school vacation, when I visited, the teacher would take us out for lunch. 

It's crazy how, as a teenager, it didn't seem wrong that she was dating a man who'd be attracted to a 15 year old... and to think I thought she was lucky to have a boyfriend then.

Eish.

Nobody tutored us on these stuff, you know? We were just supposed to know what was right from wrong.

And we didn't.

I didn't have a boyfriend. I didn't have sex until I was ripe into my 20s. And that was not because I was virtuous (roll eyes) or too careful or a walking signage for morals. Nah.

I was as skinny as a plywood, and I was the nerdy one who liked to talk nerdy stuff nobody cared about. And girls like us just didn't have boyfriends or sex.

That was it really. I didn't put up any special act to keep my virginity. My virginity was safe because I spoke weird stuff. And I thought every dude was dumb. That's another thing. I was always bored in three seconds!

But my friend had an ass and boobs and the lingua of an era. She carried the mood and the spirit of a season. Her life depicted the zeitgeist of a time when men wanted women to be mentally slow, and sexually aware.

She was so worldly-wise, I believed it was a special gift. She oozed all of that sexual desire whenever she was around men. But she was just 15!

I can see it for what it is now, but back then... it was some kind of magic I thought she possessed. She wasn't smart, but she was dating a teacher. And it seemed like a bigger achievement than all the book sense I had.

I was so fucking naive, I didn't even know dating required sex. If I was knocked on the head, I still wouldn't understand how sex had anything to do with the relationship they had.

I didn't even know what sex really was. Eish.

The only thing that saved my youth was the fact that I was super unadventurous. I didn't want to go to parties, I didn't want to hangout anywhere. The only place you'd find me is in my friend's house just chatting and dreaming about marriage.

Marriage! Can you fucking believe that?

Eish! Small dreams. Small dreams. Sad. 

Quick deviation: I remember the first week I got into The Polytechnic, they had this party for new students. Some hot guys (as much as a Polytechnic can possibly term "hot") came to our off-campus crib to invite us to the party. One even said he'd get me a dress "nice for your fine jugz". Whatever the fuck that meant.
Everyone said yes. Me and one other nerdy-konkolo said no. We both stayed back and cooked concoction rice.

Toh. No be today my rebellion start.
.
Back to being 15...
I must mention that the teacher- that secondary school teacher sleeping with my 15 year old friend back then - was a fucking ugly man. Not that it minimises the severity of his action if he was handsome, but even in my naivety, that was one thing I knew for sure - dude was ugly.

It's crazy, isn't it? That I have to think back to my teenage life to realise what my friend had with a teacher, at 15, was wrong.

It took me all these years to finally reach that conclusion.

I was a late bloomer. I was so late it embarrassed me sometimes when I was caught in one of those back-in-the-days conversations. I have no stories to tell.

I went to VideoNet and paid for movies. And when I was terrible bored, I joined religion. Lol!

I was so boring for a teenager, it must have been painful for everyone around me. And it didn't help that I wore glasses. People talked about stuff I didn't care about, and I talked about stuff they didn't care about.

I think my friend kept me because she trusted that I knew nothing about a lot of things going on, and I wasn't interested in her life beyond what she shared... or curious enough to covet hers.

I just didn't care.

I still don't.

But, as an adult, I begin to appreciate how much knowledge we didn't have as teenagers.

Now there's too much information out there, it doesn't mean teenagers are better off today, it actually means they are more confused than ever.

We need to spell out these things for them to truly understand.

I watched House Party as a 14 year old, and all that "I smell pussy" went over my head. I didn't connect it to sex or any lewd act.

It was just a word.

I don't think much has changed with the psyche of the teenager today.

A lot of things are out there for the taking. We have to help them make the decision not to spread their arms and have everything just because it's within their reach.