# Rant1120


March 23, 2018

There's a house cleaner at the hotel trying to unravel me.

He cleans my room with the aplomb of a husband helping his wife with the chores after some kind of wonderful sex the night before.

He walks in with a smile, then goes about his duties humming some gospel song. Sometimes he manages to belt out a Whitney Houston track as he wipes the toilet bowl or scrubs the bathroom. 

He comes to the bedroom where I am sitting on a couch, and he starts his hand on the bedsheets, changing the white sheets that was changed the day before, running his hands over a little too kindly, then turning the mattress as if he had shared the bed with me and is very aware what happened last night at the edge of the mattress.

It isn't creepy. Or even annoying. I find it damn right amusing. Lol!

You can't live all your life in Lagos and be upset about lite sexism.

Oh yes, this is "lite sexism". But I don't currrrr. 

He's asking many questions in his head, I'm sure:

Who is she? How come she's stayed here so long and there's isn't any man knocking on the door? Is she young or old? It's hard to ascertain (LMAO!). She sounds so young on the phone when she laughs? I've heard her say I love you once to someone on the phone... Is the man abroad? Is she lonely here? She's always on her laptop. What's she about?

😂😂😂

Would it be fair if he found out that I could sit on this bed with my laptop and make money? No running cost. No buying and selling. Just my imagination and the gift of creating brilliant dialogue.

Would he understand if I said I was a writer and I earn more money than a banker? Scratch that, the manager of the bank?

He won't believe me. I'm just a lucky woman who's being taken care of.

House cleaner: 1
Joy: 0