# Rant1070


February 5, 2018

I think Patriarchy had good intentions. 

But like extreme Feminism, it is abused by its own ambitions. 

You watch war films and you realise that Patriarchy was/is necessary, and the idea of a "real man" - made of bravery, valour, kingship - isn't meant to keep women down, but to protect women and children from the dangers of a world eating itself up.

But 2018 male feminists and patriarchy morons trying to wank on debates on "N500 soup" and who-will-pay-on-a-first-date, do not represent any real objectives of whatever patriarchy was meant to be.

I am watching "12 Strong" and how men go to war to protect the integrity of their countries and protect the future of their children. The women stay at home to scrub the ovens, holding their breath, waiting for their men to return. War built the world. And destroyed it. But war is important and men trigger wars and conquer wars. Not women. Men protect territories. Not women.

But don't get too excited. 

This has very little to do with corporate organisations or institutions and societies run by technology. We are all kings in our offices, and that position is gender neutral. 

But when push comes to shove, the people who have to attack terrorists and save the world, are men. On the other side of destruction are men. On the side of building back nations, there are men.

These men are not you. Your greatest achievement is getting married to a woman that cost you 50 tubers of yam, three kegs of palm wine and four gallons of palm oil...

Stop engaging like a "real man". Become a feminist or something and wait for half the bill after a meal... or keep your patriarchy as mediocre as possible, attacking women who wear mini skirts. Exhibit your masculinity in comment sections where you brag on about frivolities. 

Truth is, these men who talk about patriarchy with shoulders high and try to live out the worst parts of it will be mere errand boys, cleaning the shoes of real men, if Patriarchy were to rise and demand that they live up to its responsibilities.

What I'm saying is: if a man goes to "war", figuratively or literally, for the sake of others (women and children), then that man deserves a hot plate of pounded yam and ogbono soup, good sex and peace of mind when he returns.

Save your braggadocio and feminism rant for deadbeat men.