# Rant1258


September 7, 2018

I am at the cinema jejely watching Peppermint starring Jennifer Garner when I get a call...

"Why are you picking my husband's phone? Where is he? Why are you picking his call? All these useless girls!"

My head scattered!

This number belongs to me. I have had it since the beginning of MTN. I gave it to my kids a while back, and only retrieved it three weeks ago when I got them another number. Imagine my kids receiving this kind of nasty call!

I left the hall, went to the corridor and called her back.

"Excuse me, mudafucka. Who are you?!" I asked.

"Ah. I am sorry. Wrong number."

WHAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTT?!!

My hair turned to snakes, like Medusa. 

"Bitch, you are not getting off so easily. This is 2018, and you are calling up random numbers in search of your husband's dick? Insulting people?! Don't you fucking have a life? Don't you have a job?!!" I screamed.

"I said I am sorry! Ah! I missed one digit. You are a woman like me, you know how these things are," she screamed back.

"You are an idiot! I don't know how these things are! Your man is probably fucking some badass chick and you are punching in digits with shaky hands, looking for him like a lost kid. Die already! The world has no use for you!"

"Back to sendeeeeeeer!!!" She cried.

"Fuck you!"

Management of cinema came to meet me at the hallway...

"Hanty, please put your phone on flight mode. It will help you ignore calls. You are going to miss your movie."

"Thank you," I smile...

Then I send a text to the woman, for the culture.

"You are going to grow very old and bitter if you continue like this. Don't ever miss that digit again. Ever."
.

PS: Peppermint was trash.