# Rant1313


October 11, 2018

Fortune Theatre, where I saw ‘The Woman in Black’ is a quaint place – almost mysterious and enchanting.

It’s a small theatre. The stage for this Play was designed with old cloth to symbolise the dark theme. 

Except ‘The Woman in Black’ isn’t dark.

Of course there were moments of fright, but not profound enough to be described as dark.

It was disturbing, yes. But most importantly, it was multi-layered and profound.

There are just two actors – two men, actually. So you wonder where the title came from. Well, a ghost floating around once in a while, causing tiny anxieties and panic, settles that. Nothing extraordinary. She is dressed in black and a ghostly mask.

Frankly, some of its attempt to be terrifying ended up making me chuckle, which is a defeat.

If you intend to cause shock or fright, you do not want your audience laughing. If they do, then, well, your execution is wrong.

The strength of this two-hour two-man Play was the rich dialogue. Trust the English to perfect, well, English.

These men – both of them – were dripping with artistic genius. Two hours, yet not one line of thought was skipped.

The Play has potentials. I am not sure it fully realised its promise. 

I left there thinking, for the message it eventually passed, the entire Play could have been shorter. Apparently, I am not a fan of extras and superfluous projects.

However, this doesn’t take away from the hard work that went into this performance.

I was intrigued by how these two characters became over 25 other characters. Shifting roles every minute, throwing a jacket on or a scarf around the neck to become another character, moving a chair or a basket or a bucket to create another scene. 

One minute they are agent and writer, the next minute they are lawyer and bartender, and the next minute they are concierge and a visitor.

It is Art. And it was beautiful.

However, this would not work in Nigeria. These situations will confuse a Nigerian audience. We are not yet formed to appreciate theatre in the way an Englishman would.

For instance, there was a dog in the Play, except it wasn't visible. Its presence was registered by the actor running his hand in the air below his knee. There was a pony, in its place, a basket was ridden and the sound of a pony was recorded. There wasn't a train, of course. The basket, once again, served as a train, made possible by the sound of a train moving.

Stage lights served their purpose too, giving us the right ambience to imagine the scenarios.

And that is truly the gift of theatre - the power of imagination.

It is not a movie and will not have the aesthetics of film... but it can deliver same theme differently. And why not? They are different genres, and should be approached, gauged and judged differently.

I'll give it 3-stars.

I respect the attempt even more than the execution.

Today, I'll be seeing 'Chicago'.
.

PS: I arrived an hour before the showing, so I thought it'd be a good idea to grab a snack. It turned out I entered a vegetarian café. Everything tastes different - the cupcakes, the hot chocolate drink.
Different. Not better. Lol!