# Rant1204


July 8, 2018

When you lose a job, the next thing is NOT to start a company.

Don't let "woke" social media folks fool you.

If you were sacked or lose a job, the next step is to get another job. 

It doesn't matter how old you are, or how long you worked in the company. It doesn't matter what others are doing.

Entrepreneurship is not a revenge plan. You are not getting back at an ex-boss. It's a waste of a life to do that. Don't be petty. Petty is next to scum.

I would not have re-started Write Culture if I didn't get another investor. My plan was to go back to my bed and write scripts and make money and travel as often as possible.

But I got an investor, and it was up to me to prove that he wasn't making a mistake.

The first month Write Culture made N2m. He was impressed and then decided to invest in another business I proposed - a bigger investment... coming later.

That's life. People who regale you with stories of succeeding-alone are lying most of the time.

There are very few people who can succeed without help from anywhere.

Now, the question is: what do you do with help when it comes?

Do you abuse opportunity?

I have tried to help people on this platform, and the minute they thought I was down, they were the ones who quickly turned their backs and insulted me. And I'm like... WTF!

Some mofos will say, "Joy is lucky, she has people who want to invest in her ideas."

I am not lucky. I am hard working. You have no idea. My head is a pool of strategy, chess, books and execution.

I am focused. My number one priority is always to impress the person who believes in me, who invests not with mere words, but with hard cash.

Everybody pales beside the person I call Opportunity.

I am not opportunistic. I am fucking legend when it comes to deliverables. My enthusiasm is the most profound experience you will encounter.

I am different. So yes Opportunity will continue to invest in me.

But the minute Opportunity decides to move on... I move on too... on to the next Opportunity. No bitterness. A bit of anger, yes. Only for a while. But zero bitterness.

I am fucking aware of my opportunities.

Are you?

There are many writers on social media who have fought me for no reason. None. They buy quarrel and arguments from others as silly as they are and then decide to make me an enemy. It's some kind of achievement for them. Some kind of bonding. Some e-cult moves. Some type of peer pressure. American-style Junior High shenanigan. Joblessness at it's best.

It's the life of the millenial - to be exceptionally dimwitted. 

They don't think of opportunities, they don't care. They only care about clapbacks.

It's like choosing a slap on the back from beer parlour friends who like your drunken analysis over a job and a pay check.

Yet you think others are lucky.

Niggas, you won't know what luck is if it hit you on the forehead.

We work hard. We strategize. We don't sleep. And we don't take Opportunity for granted.

Opportunity takes time. Are you even patient?

Shior.