# Rant1235


August 17, 2018

There was that year I took my power back from everyone who held chunks of it.

I took it back from my mother, my brother (my father held no real power over me)... I took it back from exes, from friends, from everyone whose opinion made me question who I was or what I wanted to be.

I took my power from institutions like Religion, Marriage. I grabbed my power from society and its yapping about a "real woman".

I am not a real woman. I am the definition I give myself every new day.

-Because all of that staying-in-line is bullshit. And I was done trying to explain myself or do things right - according to others.

These are people who matter. They still matter. they always will.

But the problem with giving people who matter some (of your) power is the destruction their opinion can cause to your soul when they do not agree with choices you make.

Institutions you give power to continue to control the way you act. They continue to ensure you do not raise your head out of the crowd. They need you to fit in nicely as you adhere to norms and rules.

And that is not life, in my opinion.

Now, my children have a chunk of my power - only for a while until they become adults and I too can give them back all their power to go live a life they should be proud of.

A life they should be proud of. They, not me. A life they enjoy.
.

In some ways, that is how I see the entire concept of the devil as a metaphor for evil. Religion gives this thing so much power, it makes no sense!

People spend days and nights praying against a spirit. It is the same weakness women exhibit in relationships - always so helpless.

I am here thinking: you cannot cajole a human being to do what they don't want to do. No devil can stop you if you have to do something. This creature created by religion may be smart, but it isn't powerful. 

You are!

Your power is yours. If you lease it to some fictional character you imagine as Thanos in your head, then it's on you.

It is still your right to power, and that right allows you to decide who owns your power... which makes you the only one who controls your power.

Get it?

At the end of it all, it still comes back to you.

If you are not pleased with the way your life is... then take your power back.

You have the power to reinvent yourself every day.

Human BEING. 

A real BEING is constantly (re-)creating, always questioning, always evolving.

That's the most (powerful) power anything can have.