# Rant1233


August 10, 2018

The irony of Island living…

I feel a sense of anxiety every time I jog in Lekki. There are no pedestrian walks. There’s a bad smell all around the rich and famous. You are spitting half the time you are jogging. The smell, stuck to your nose, follows you home.

In Festac, there are pedestrian walkways. You can jog, you can take leisure walks. It’s especially great in the evenings. Here on the Island, you have to contend with gutters, SUVs and street urchins and layabouts.

There are everywhere – people without a definite purpose, habitually doing little to nothing, hired by very wealthy people to guard gates and walk dogs and loaf around, eating from the scraps of a benefactor. Jobless half the time, I can only imagine the impressive workshop the devil has managed to build in their heads.

Right at the gate of the hotel I lived in for eight months in Victoria Island, my hired driver’s phone was stolen. The side window of the passenger’s side was down, he was coughing out morning phlegm on his own side of the car. One split second later, reaching out for his phone to tell me he had arrived, and his phone was gone.

Just like that. Petty stealing without any measure to safeguard lives and property happening unhinged in one of the most expensive cities in the world.

These are the parts of Lagos where house rent and living cost can see children through Ivy League schools, yet these areas are pedestrian and unsafe - like everywhere else in the country. Except Island lack of security is nerve-racking! How can the wealthiest people live flippantly with the poorest people of a country and think it makes any sense to live in peace? 

I had to stop jogging in the mornings. The eyes that watch you are wrong. Too many loafers.

There is a very poor community a stone-throw away from Lekki Phase 1. Their young ones beg on the streets of Lekki, while their big brothers wait for darkness to consume the innocence of the day... then they become criminals and opportunists, breaking into cars – packed right in front of your house!

It is that audacious. Things I never heard of living in Festac.

It is sad that a country of 300 million people cannot boast of a truly elitist society. These people paying so much for basic comfort have it just as bad as peeps in Ajegunle. If armed robbers decide to act out their wantonness, there are no security measures in place to confront it.

The roads are bad. The air is foul.

Everything is overpriced all for urban grandstanding.

There’s no gloss here - and trust me, I've been around. 

We create the luster in our heads.

The entire situation is exhausting.

Mainland to Island, a total mess.