# Rant1125


March 29, 2018

12:28am.

Fam, you are all sleeping, I’m sure.

Well, I’m just getting into my room.

It was a horrible day. Wednesday, that is.

I was supposed to pick my girls on Thursday (today) for the holidays, but I got a reminder yesterday (Wednesday) from the school about Buhari’s visit and how it may be a nightmare for parents to pick up their kids on Thursday (today)... because traffic.

I tried to shake it off – the nightmare that is to come, it didn’t work. So I got up and decided to head down to the school the minute I was able to finish the last paragraph of a document I was working on.

3pm, the driver was here to pick me up.
.
I have never seen traffic so chaotic, it seemed the end had come. Jesus was going to poop out of heaven and the siren announcing Armageddon would go off.

I sat in traffic for SIX hours, fam! Six hours before I could get to my kids.

I got to the school by 9pm! The only reason I could smile was when they announced to me that they both came First in their respective classes. Bless!

They were just as tired as I was. They’d spent their entire evening waiting for me and then fell asleep. I had spent my entire afternoon trying to understand what in hell was happening to Lagos.

The trucks, my God! The trucks are everywhere – bulky, dirty, slow, clouding our lives with soot.

And if I thought I had suffered the worst... wait for it…

We got to my mum’s house by 1am!!!

After we had passed through the worst experience of traffic and bad roads, with my mind constantly replaying all the heartbreaking headlines of roadside theft, loss and abuse I have read… I was left in a state of anxiety. I was holding on to their sleepy heads and saying a prayer.

We finally got to grandma’s place by 1am. Whew!

Kids are safe. Now I have to make my journey back to the Island! Spending the rest of the hours of the night at my mum’s wasn’t even an option because my entire sense of contentment and wellbeing was stashed in a box in a room on the Island. Morning would come with its own madness. I was willing to live out the rest of this night so I can rest all day tomorrow if I choose to. I had to hurry back.

I had been through a rough night worried that a thug would knock on my windshield and frighten my children so I wasn’t so afraid when it was just me (and the driver) left in the car, heading through a bumpy short-cut trying to escape trucks and trailers, with small cars sandwiched between them, at 1AM!!!

How do you experience traffic by 1am?!! Help me understand this madness!

Every major road or corner street on the mainland has one lane permanently taken by trucks. It is the saddest, most despicable, most disturbing, most negligent mess you can imagine.

Yet this is our lives. This mess, this stress, this fear, this angst. The rush and the fuss. It’s what we have become. It is what they have made us.

Sigh.

.

It’s 2:28am now. Thursday morning.

I’ve showered and had some pineapple. I’m going to bed.

And if dreamland is better than this, why do I have to wake up?

Good morning.

#NigeriaAaargh!