# Rant1255


September 5, 2018

Crazy Rich Asians...

A simple story of love and all its attendant cousins - of sadness and bliss.

Interpreted beautifully and colourfully by a Director and Cinematographer. 

But come to Nollywood...

They'll be shooting in Otedola's basement, spending N100m on PR for a movie they wouldn't have the decency to spend more than N10m on. Ruining the chance for Art to excel.

They will watch this movie, and all that will happen is the inspiration to title the next mediocre project, "Crazy Rich Nigerians" in a country with very bad roads and no electricity.

Do you know why you can never capture gloss in film-making in Nigeria?

It's the soot. All that generator smoke. You can never capture wealth on camera in Nigeria.

And I strongly believe it is clogging our brains too.

I hope Nollywood will spare us the attempt to "Nigerianise" this film.

If you rid this movie of its gloss and breathtaking scenes of wealth... you'll find a story that has been told over and over again - in Hollywood, Nollywood and Bollywood...

Rich guy wants to marry average girl...rich mother is not pleased and tries to stop it.

That's it.

Yet Nollywood cannot capture this with good camera and good directing.

There was a mahjong game during this movie. There was sadness too - a divorce.

When we try to include these elements in our scripts in Nigeria... what do you get?

Nothing!

The real attempt to slay is at the award ceremonies, no real ambition to interpret a script thoroughly. 

I will go to that film school next year... even if the sacrifice leaves me lonely and deprived for a while.

Regards.