# Rant1304



October 5, 2018

When I say Roberta owns Write Culture, it seems like a cute promise.

She actually runs the place. I opened this company because of a girl like her.

Roberta is nothing like the average woman. She is focused, driven, and she stans me 24/7.

She is not easily distracted. She understands the work at hand.

And I try to reward her every day for being different. Beyond a salary, I give her opportunities. I let her into my world. I give give give.

My boyfriend calls her my little project. 

I don't go to the office, unless I have a meeting or rehearsals to direct.

Roberta is there every day.

I write. I create. 

But Roberta deals with the most important element of my Art...

People.

She manages people.

I don't have any relationship with anyone who walks through our doors. She does.

I suffer deep-seated misanthropy. You can't even begin to imagine.

I am anxious if I have to communicate with people beyond a few minutes. And it seems to get worse every day. 

I don't want to talk to people. I'll rather read a book and communicate with my imagination.

It is for this reason I try to sustain the VERY few relationships I admire. Because it is difficult to find people I truly admire. Very difficult.

And since Roberta handles people, she is sure to get into alot of issues with people. Because that's what people bring - issues.

Let me give an instance...

So we hold an audition to get actors for a Play.

When we pick the actors we think would suit the characters, we expect them to be available for rehearsals.

If they come up with excuses not to be available on certain days, I cancel them immediately and tell Roberta to go through our database to find a replacement.

We have up to one hundred thespians on our database.

So she finds a replacement. And work continues.

We are cold bitches. We don't have time to waste. We owe nobody special favours. 

And if you feel entitled in some ways, it is not our business.

Do you know how glad I am to find a girl like that who gets it? 

We are like a train. Get in or get out. We keep it moving.

So when people come to complain about Roberta and how she cancels roles, I tell them I cannot do anything about it. She is my personal PA. The manager of Write Culture. The co-producer of my stageplays.

I write. I create. I direct.

But when it comes to people, I refuse to have any authority over Roberta on how she makes decisions on who sees me or who doesn't.

If she doesn't fix an appointment, then it means she believes you are not necessarily who I should be seeing.

It may burn you, but you will be ok.

Respect the structure I have put in place.

I won't be around Nigeria very often anyway. But Write Culture will stand regardless. 

I respect Roberta's decisions. If not for her, I'd have to deal with humans.

I have empowered her to make decisions.

She is not random in anyway. I have successfully passed on my spirit to this one.

She is loyal to the Art we create, not to anyone else.
.

So when you call me and say, "Roberta was unfair, she removed me from the list."

I'm going to tell you to sort it out with her.

I am only a writer. And I don't care for very much else.

I don't.