# Rant1340


November 7, 2018

Dear Exes,

Please when you want to try to break me, stop saying...

"It is common knowledge that people don't like you. People have mean things to say about you."

People have mean things to say about me YET you asked me out, ate me, loved me, confessed all shades of lust to me.

Then the minute we break up, you remember how people don't like me.

Who gives a flying fuck what people say?

Do you think it is so hard to be nice if I wanted to be?

All I have to do is NOT HAVE UNPOPULAR/CONTROVERSIAL OPINIONS.

That's all.

And I'll be loved by all.

If I wanted people to say nice things about me, I'd be making affirmative posts on culture, religion, matrimony and patriarchy.

It is so easy to be liked.

So easy.

The real work is being hated.

Because you have to constantly be smarter than everybody's MCM/WCW.

I am so sick and tired of Exes using that line as a form of hurt.

You can't hurt me with something that I am proud to be.

I am proud to be unpopular. I am proud to be radical. I am proud to be the carrier of all delicate information.

You cannot hurt me when you tell me I am un-liked.

Look around you! Look at the masses and the knowledge that guide them, and tell me why I would EVER want to be liked by the chunk of Nigerians.

Be classy. Be original.

Stop trying to break a grown woman with words reserved for making 5 year old girls cry.

Who gives a fuck about being liked by anyone?
.

And let me say this, it's outdated to call me "bitter".

Bitter about what exactly?

Your marriage? Your day job? Your motor? Your trip to Bombay? 

What exactly?

Bitter about what?

How can you look at me from head to toe... look at my art... look at my life, and all you think of is "bitter"?

Nigga, you're blind.

Upgrade your vocabulary, please.

Impress me.
.
.

PS: An Ex just called a minute ago quarrelling with me like I stole his phallus. 

I can't understand it!

And then he manages to say stuff about people not liking me.

Apparently, the people who don't like me don't like art... because on this side of my talent we are selling out.

And that is all that matters.

Keep your friendships to yourself.

We are eagles here.

Toh.