# Rant1352


November 20, 2018

I found a salon along admiralty road, near my house.

I've been there four times.

I cut a mohawk the first time and curled my hair.

The second time was when I brought the kids, during midterm break, to cut one's hair and plait the other.

The third time, I called for home service. The stylist came to my office to curl my wigs.

The fourth time was last week... to curl my mohawk right there at the salon.

I've met this stylist three times.

After curling my hair, he followed me to my car and asked for a tip.

"Mama, do something for me this weekend."

That was after paying N3k for the service.

I looked at him, and at that moment, I realised a dead rat, decaying near a pile of trash, had more value than he could ever afford.

I tipped him N1k the day he came to my office. And that was only a few days back. So what's the deal?

I ignored this shameless act and drove off...

Only to receive a text message from this dolt an hour later as he tried to steal half the sum I paid from his boss.

"Aunty plx if manager call u tell her u only curl ur hair."

I ignored this idiotic message.

10 minutes later, he sent another message...

"Aunty plx dnt forget to tell manager dat I only curl ur hair. I did not wash. Plx aunty so I can kip half of d money. Tnx. God bless."

Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you a HUMBLE Nigerian.

He wants to steal, yet he begs for support and calls the name of God.

I was livid at this point. As an arrogant Nigerian, I picked my phone and called the manager myself.

"Hello. My name is Joy. I've been to your salon four times, I will not be coming back there. You have a thief - a shameless petty fucked-up thief in your salon, your stylist. He washed my hair and curled it. He collected N3k. He wants to keep half the money to himself, so he has been badgering me with messages. Just so you know, he is about to steal from you. Your business will not last another year if you keep that rag and others like him in your employment."

She was shocked and full of gratitude.

I was the first customer that day. I got there by 9.30am...

So it was easy for him to plan this ridiculous "heist".

Why he thought I would ever be an ally is what baffles me.

Was it because he came to my office and I offered him a drink whilst he curled my wigs?

Or does he think Nollywood is anywhere near real life where a random woman perceived to be wealthy falls for a poor struggling moron?

The thought of that makes me want to die.

What would ever make this layer of froth, parading as a human being, think it appropriate to talk me into a poverty-stricken plot to steal N1,500 for godssake!!! 

Is it because I smiled at him and try to act like I give a shit?

.

It gets even wierder...

Today, he sends me another message.

This time, he wants to inform me that he has left the salon and is now working some place else and he would like my patronage.

I didn't respond.

Then he called!!!

No kidding!

I cut the call and blocked him!
.

Yet they say we are all equal.

We are not equal, please.

That stylist is vermin... and if I'm being kind, the best description would be the stone between the crevices of my shoe.

mscheeeew!