# Rant1349


November 19, 2018

So here are two extremes and a fad...

Female millennials are constantly reminding us (that) they do not need dick... or care very much for dick. They want us to know they can run this world without, well, dick.

Dick, in this case, represents Men.
.

Older women (50 - 70) are consistently submitting to dick. And have reiterated over and over again that they cannot do without dick or make it without dick.
.

So the successful millennial doesn't give a shit about men...

While the older woman cannot live without submitting to a man.
.

The female Xennials (35 - 45) are now left with all the male attention.
.

The two extremes (millennials and older women) are not only sad, but clearly silly and pretentious.

For the Millenials, relax. Men are not your problem. You'll realise, soon enough, that your real problems rest amongst yourselves - women.

You don't want dick. Good. But don't be a dick about it.
.

For the older women... sigh.

Your matter tire me.

Look at this aunty and the headline that came out of her interview (see pix).

It is ok to succeed without constantly reminding us how you still suck dick.

We know you suck dick. We know you bend a knee to serve your husband. We know you are the rib removed from his body to form your being. We know you still cook for him. We know marriage validates your existence. 

We know.

You have been telling us this damned story for decades.

Now, shut up.
.
.

In one corner, Millennial females are afraid to give credit to men, lest it takes away from their badassery.

In the other corner, older women are afraid NOT to give credit to men, lest they be called rebellious and disobedient women.

So... Xennials are here to create the balance. 

We recognise and celebrate our talents and success... but we are not afraid to acknowledge the men (anonymously or otherwise) who have been part of our growth.
.

There is a man in every woman's success.

It could be a father. A husband. A lover. A friend. A boss.

It could be heartbreak caused by men that you turned to gold. It could be love affectionately shared with a man. It could be a divorce.

It could be any experience - good or bad - that finally shaped you.

But what I find hilarious is this fad of not accepting that you cannot win without the presence of the other gender.

You need them to sign documents in certain offices, as the Chairman of the organisation. 
You need them for advice, if your mentor is male. 
You need his emotional support, if he is a lover.

If you are heterosexual, you need sex to calm your nerves.

Heck, you may need a man's money as a stepping stone in your pursuit for greatness. It doesn't mean it is only men that can give this support, but clearly, they occupy major positions of influence (based on social structures and cultural norms)... 

And if these structures need to be addressed, they can be addressed without acting like you can ever be able to disregard male contribution to world achievements.

You need men. And they need you.

But what you will not do is lift that dick on a stick and worship it or place its value above your dignity and self-respect like the older  women do.
.

The two extremes get on my nerves.

Little wonder, xennials are eating their cake and having it.

We have perfected knowledge.

Nor be gra gra.
.

Now look at this headline below.

Mrs. Awosika is a successful older women who, like the rest of her kind, will die if they do not tell us of their subservience to matrimony.

It is unhealthy to even sound this way.

However, the millennial option isn't so healthy either.

The successful millennial headline may read thus...

"I don't need a man to be great."

Which, clearly, is a lie.

You need men. You need women.

You need validation.

And that is ok.

Breathe.
.

However, the female xennial headline will most likely be a balanced diet, and may read thus...

"Men have played a crucial role in my growth."

A father's love. A husband's support. A boss's shared experience. The male venture capitalist funding your business...

All men.
.

Acknowledge men.

You will not die.