# Rant1130


April  4, 2018

Winnie Mandela was greatly paranoid and damaged by the system - from apartheid, then post-apartheid after discovering that black South Africans weren't so different from what she was fighting against in the first place. 

That can destroy anyone. And she was destroyed.

She killed. She became what she despised. It is the curse of very passionate activists/fighters. You find yourself living the same script that you stand against.

When I think of her, long before her death, I wonder if it was worth it, fighting for South Africa.

It ruined her life. Her marriage died under the weight of her sins and addiction. Her children do not enjoy any special privileges. And most painfully, many black South Africans are still very far from impressive. 

Crime rate is one of the highest in the world. Xenophobia is entrenched in the system. And corruption, bad leadership are rife and well established in its political structures.

Sigh.

She gave up everything, even the quality of being human and humane just so she can be remembered as an embarrassment?

Sigh. Sigh.

She was a great woman. A great woman that did some really bad things. But great, nonetheless. She survived everything, even in her state of loss and personal destruction and addictions, it is hard not to remember and be impressed by her convictions that were unshaken.

I fear people who easily repent. You can't build anything with them - not a business, not a relationship, not even a paper kite. When you stand with them one minute, look over your shoulder the next minute and they are gone. Repenting their way to another idea, another person, another state of mind.

And that is why I love Winnie. She is nothing like that. Her strong and unshaken conviction is admirable. It was built around very bad times and sad realities, but it is a beautiful trait.

She spoke against her husband. And she mentioned one time that she didn't think having kids were so great an accomplishment... she stated she was mother to only the movement she created.

It is almost impossible to hear an African woman speak like that, and for being different, I adored her.

I don't know what I would become if I was to jump into activism because a husband was sentenced, stripped of my freedom, imprisoned without even a bra or panties to wear for months, my children taking from me... I might end up a monster, kept by alcohol and led by paranoia. Just like Winnie.

Sigh. Sigh. Sigh.

If we tell Winnie's story well, we would find that our empathy (for her) will be greater than our disappointment.

Rest well, great woman.