# Rant1302


October 3, 2018

The day I moved into my Lekki apartment was the first time I was seeing the place fully furnished.

I wasn't involved in the decor or anything. My boyfriend did send pictures via his PA for my approval of certain colours and accessories, and that was it.

I was occupied with the re-launching of my company and wasn't in a hurry to leave the hotel I was staying in.

That night, I walked into my apartment and I was happy. It was so cute and colourful.

He held his breath, until he saw the smile that was too wide for my face.

I was truly touched by the effort he put in. 

As I unpacked, I heard the dog in the other compound crying.

Do dogs cry?

Well, this one was crying. And it was uncomfortable.

"Why is that dog making that sound like it is being tortured?" I asked.

"Some idiot is probably beating it," he said.

After unpacking, we watched Netflix and chilled.
.

Fastforward to many months later, and this dog cries every other night! It's the most heartbreaking sound, I tell you. It is almost like the sound of a child being molested!

Two days ago, I told my boyfriend I think the dog is being raped.

He threw himself on the couch and laughed until he choked.

"Joy! For godssake! No. No. No. A dog is not being raped in the next building. Jeez!"

"But can't you hear its cry for help?"

"Some sadist is probably beating the poor animal, not rape. No, Joy. Not rape. Jeez!"

"I think it is sexually molested every other night. How come we can't hear the sound of a whip if it is being flogged? And why should an animal be flogged anyway?"

"Joy, please. Don't make me pack your things and move you to my house. How can I have you live beside anyone who rapes a dog?!!!"

"Well, why don't we find out what is going on?"

He looked at me like a strange object.

"Is this a script you are about to write for your next Play? You are scary and fascinating at the same time. The dog is not raped."

"You are in denial."

"That's an apartment building. All the tenants will not sit back and listen to the cry of a dog raped by whoever."

"But they don't seem to mind that the dog is 'flogged."

"Joy, pack your bag and follow me if you think a dog is being raped."

"No, I'm fine."

"The dog is not raped, ok?"

"Ok."

"Phew."

"Whew."

😂😂😂😭😭😭