# Rant1099


March 3,  2018

Teddy A's mother told Bambam's mother that she will make sure Teddy A dates Bambam out of #BBNaija.

Bwahahahhahahahaha! 

Naija parents are so stupid. 

You can clearly trace our perpetual and crass under-development from this idiotic line of thought. 

A woman chooses to fuck in a toilet because religion allows her to play the hypocrite. She is running away from cameras, afraid the world will finally know what she is - a fucking horny hypocrite.

Instead of you to finally accept that your daughter is just as raunchy as the neighbour's daughter you have been condemning in your closet, you are trying to make this out to be a relationship that will survive Big Brother House or probably lead to marriage.

As if having a relationship with the dude your daughter had sex with in the toilet will buff your hypocrisy with Mary Kay foundation to hide all its flaws and acne.

Morons.

I can't stand "Nigerian parents".

Take away religion, and half that generation will rot away with no idea what an original thought means.

Check their Facebook pages... go ahead, check the pages of your 55 - 67 year old aunts and uncles, and see if they have challenged any ideology ever!

They are wet paint on a wall, waiting to dry.

And when they are confronted with something as inconsequential as an adult woman fucking in a toilet, they freak out and start to plan a wedding.

It's not really about the young pair, you see... it's about Nigerian parents and how empty and proud and shallow and heaven-bound they are. It is about how much they need to control everything with unrefined intelligence. Village sense 101.

Even in a nation that is synonymous to corruption and degeneracy, they still think shame is something they are entitled to.

Buzz out of here abeg. Your daughter fucked in a toilet on LIVE TV. That's the reality. Deal with it, and save us this native sense.

Do people go on Big Brother to become neurosurgeons or astronauts? Do they go there to learn how to grow a successful IT company? Do they teach coding in the house? Or Artificial Intelligence?

They go there to faff around and fuck in branded t-shirts for corporate support.

Because sex fucking sells.

You want your child to bring home the money but you don't want the child to live out the script.

Date ko. Data ni. 

Mscheeeeeeeeeew!

*PS: This is about hypocrisy and the Nigerian parent, I don't care what two adults get up to... but I care to address the hypocrisy of religion and sex. Teddy A didn't parade himself to be some gospel/hallelujah charade, so he escapes any judgments on my wall.