# Rant1314


October 11, 2018

Jolade wants to cut her hair.

I am so proud of her.

Do you know what it'd mean to be the only girl with short hair in a class?

I've told both of them several times (that) it is ok to chop that hair off.

Sincerely, I don't understand why girls in primary or secondary school need to have long hair.

Firstly, African hair is coarse. The torture of combing and plaiting every other week. What is it about? Do we really need this level of vanity for our kids?

Secondly, she is in boarding school. They are required to plait a new hairstyle every week. One or two plaiters show up from town. Because they have many girls, they may not treat each child's hair kindly. You go for weeks without washing and treating your hair. It starts to break, dandruff takes over etc.

Thirdly, and most importantly for me, it is a distraction to the real value of their lives - the attention they need to pay to the archaic school curriculum and studies in front of them.

I just don't care about pretty long hair on African kids. We all know the pain they go through. It isn't worth it in my opinion.

All that Instagram slay toddlers with long attachment, fixed so tightly to the scalp that it drags the skull back, giving the child wicked cat eyes, with edges relaxed and gel-ed like wax on a sculpture... that is not life. That's mimicry. We should leave our children out of our own personal fucked up vanities.

Relaxers and straightening combs, dryer and attachments and all the fuss to make nappy hair look remotely easy to maintain is not something a young African child should worry about.

Pray tell, which hair is on Ngozi Okonji Iweala? Has it stopped her from slaying professionally?

Chimamanda can keep the politics on her head (because I know that is the next instance someone will throw in). She is an adult, and she can create the time to nurture her hair to a full blown mascot. That's ok.

But children with nappy hair need the break, abeg.

If you feed your children enough cereals called CONFIDENCE, it wouldn't matter what's on top of the head. What would matter would be - you guessed right - what's inside the head.

Your brain, baby!

Relax, perm, fix, curl, comb and add attachments to the brain, it's all right.

"Sweetie, you are going to rock that short hair like the most amazing girl in the world. You'd rock it so well, all the girls in class would want a hair so short too," I told her and gave her a hug. She smiled.

My own little soon-to-be short-hair princess. I'm going to buy her a special cute clipper from London ❤

For Jolade with love 😍
.

PS: Ife hasn't come around to it just yet. She still wants to fit in with the others. Whenever she is ready, I'll be here to celebrate that decision 😊
.

PS: I'm off to Phoenix Theatre to see 'Chicago'.

It's drizzling, so I took an Uber 😁

See ya!