# Rant1071


February 7, 2018

Adenike Ebica asked a question:

She started her comment with: "please don't be offended..."

I rolled my eyes. 

She is surprised that I am in love and enjoy the company of a man and the things he buys. She thought I had advised girls to be hardworking... and she thought I said "men are scum".

Sigh.

This is why Nigerian women are sloooooooow in getting out of bad marriages, bad relationships, bad friendships, bad/mediocre everything.

It is also why they fail JAMB. The scores get worse every year. 

That I have a boyfriend who buys me gifts (that I absolutely love, by the way) doesn't make me less of an industrious woman. I still work HARD. I am now an industrious woman in love with a good man. 

I mean, this is elementary school all over again. My kid is 12 and she understands this. "Mummy still believes the girl child should strive for the best. Striving for gold doesn't stop her from enjoying a good relationship".

Basic stuff.

Stop being so slow. The world is evolving so fast, you won't catch the bus if you keep thinking like a lamb. 

Use your head. Question norms. Confront dogma. 

I never called all men scum. When I got uncomfortable with "e-feminism/Naija feminism"... I renounced it.

When I got tired of being friends with some passive human being, I told her I didn't want to be her friend anymore. It was a call. I ended the friendship. I don't think anyone has ever done that to her before. She is still in shock. The audacity of this Joy. 

When a marriage was really drab and uninspiring, I ended it.

I live with my decisions, and I am yet to regret anything. 

I don't need Oprah to tell me how to treat a man. I don't need Mo Abudu to teach me how to balance love and work and life.

I am an adult, I have read, listened, read some more... and I am formed, living in my own truth.

Stop living within the strength of my knowledge. There's something called conviction. If you don't have it, and you hold on to mere information, it will crush you.

Yes. Some men are scum. Some women are scumm-er. Many people of both genders are scumm-est. My decision is NOT to date scum. Or keep scum friends. Or deal with anyone man/woman/binary who reeks of scum. 

Do you get it now? Sigh.

I don't write for everyone, I write only for the enlightened. It is why my comment section is restricted. I can't deal with the daft nature and slow intellect and comprehension of the lot. I'm sorry. 

I am not a teacher. I can't break elementary life lessons to you like a toddler. 

And it is important to understand that I have very little empathy for sloooow people. I think they are their own calamity.

I hope I've been able to help you catch up with life with these few words. 

I'm glowing in expensive jewellery, so I'll advice you find your own glow and stop being so naive, waiting for inspiration from every corner of a twisted world. 

All of that pockets of advice from pastors to social media talkers to vloggers to family to friends to daily devotion, will destroy you eventually. 

Find your knowledge. Fine tune it. Understand it. Live it. 

Here's a kiss for good luck 😘