# Rant1076


February 13, 2018 

Motherhood overwhelms me, I can't lie.

My girls called to say I need to pay for WAEC... And some expensive literature books. Monies that have no place in my budget. 

Then I have to be there for Open Day. Sigh.

I can't. I just can't.

So I tell them, "I can't make it, love. I have to be at work."

Open Day ushers in midterm. One full week. 

I have to shuffle things around, tweak my schedule to accomodate them.

Whenever I speak to them lately, I feel like I work too hard and I don't make enough time. But when they were day students, I felt I didn't achieve as much as I had the potential to do. And it frustrated me.

I can't eat this cake and have it.

But when I'm done beating myself, I realise that I do make time out for my girls. They were day students for ten years, and I had to be with them every (other) day. 

Then I realised I could achieve more if I let them become boarders. And I too can find a bit of myself and explore the things that I like a lot more. Because I will not be that mother living in the shadows of my children later on in life, disgruntled by how the events of my life played out.

So if I'm going to work, then I'm going to work.

If I'm going to have sex or be with a man, then that is exactly what I'm going to do.

If I'm going to pamper myself, you bet I will.

And in all of this, my love and endless hustle to ensure my kids do not, for a second, doubt their premium spot in my life is something I take seriously.

I am the mother every prepubescent child wish she had. I don't judge children. And I give them some slack. And we have great conversations. We are friends. We can talk about anything. And I'm not religious or stupid.

*dusts shoulder*

Observation: Midterm falls in the middle of a month. Sigh. Schools should understand that there's no money in the middle of a month! How are we going to give our kids special treats? Lol!

I can't wait to see them next week. We'll eat coldstone ice cream, watch movies and try to stay on a budget.

Bless.