# Rant1231


August 8, 2018

One thing that endeared me to the Genevieve magazine brand, back then, was an incident...

The G-team was awaiting another month's edition of the magazine. When it arrived, it was bad print. Some pages were badly interpreted.

Mrs. Betty Irabor took one look at the bulk, sighed. Looked at it again, then told the team to burn it.

Burn everything - all 5,000 copies (or so).

They left their mouths wide open. They begged her not to do it, it'd cost the company too much money. They told her "let it enter the market like that. After all, another edition will soon replace it." They made her believe it wasn't so bad.

But she knew her art. And she knew how she wanted to be represented by her art.

She shrugged, walked out of the room, and reiterated - one more time...

"Burn them all."

She probably went home to cry, which is in order.

Regardless of what this cost her, she was willing to put her art first - higher than gain.
.
.

I know this is almost an impossible task for the majority of Nigerians who are nothing but business traders, and nothing like connoisseurs... but that example of Mrs. Irabor is how I choose to live my art.

Do not be a hypocrite of your own art.

It is the worst kind of delusion.

Bad art has a place. It tells you what you should never do again, and it forces you to pursue the best depiction of your work, moving forward.

In saner climes, when your art is unveiled to the world, at that moment your voice ceases to promote your own work. You must allow your audience and the public have a say.

There's something tacky about defending art that is out for consumption. You had all the time to do that before its unveiling. You had all the time to perfect that art.

But you didn't. So let everybody that is part of bad art take the insults with their chests.

You won't die.

Art is not spare parts. we are not trading at Idumota market. 

Have some class. Silence is class. Acceptance of your mistakes is class. Art and class have a love affair nothing can destroy.

Learn the lesson, then move on to the next art you need to do.

And make sure it is so fucking good it gives you the assurance you need.
.
Good morning from my corner of the world - as part of a new series on Mnet, wearing the fabulous hat of script editor.

*mwaaaah!