# Rant1154


April 26, 2018

The report: Ghana's upper/middle class is impressive.

The Lower class Ghanaian: Which Ghana does she speak about?

Your Ghana. The upper/middle class environment. Aspire a little more. You'll find the bubble.
.

The report: Ghana's upper/middle class is impressive.

The Ignorant class Ghanaian: Nigerians are taking over our city. She has a huge following. She is going to bring all her people to Ghana to take our jobs and land.

Lol! Calm your tits. 80% real estate clients in your country are Nigerians. Your banks were fucking you up before Nigerian banks came to save your asses.
Nigerian banks saw your plight. Looked at your economy. "Oh! This people have money." They came and brought banking services that local banks couldn't give. Now every customer has a choice.
.

The report: Ghana's upper/middle class is impressive.

The upper class: Thanks for the review, Joy. Can we use your review in our business papers to help local tourism and investment possibilities?
.
.
.

The common Ghanaian, like the common Nigerian, lacks comprehension. They can't build sensible banter around a conversation. They nitpick what favourite lines they can use for clickbait.

This is why, like us, you are third world. Gloriously so. MovenPick and Marriott will not save you.
.

You should learn to appreciate your country. You have no idea how bad it can get. No idea.

Nigerians leave their universities to pay handsome fees in your schools...

What? You think we just like to spend dollars in your country?

If you are stuck in your own Ajegunle, take a drive to your Banana Island. Realise that as long as it is third world, you'd have to make the deliberate effort to live a certain way.

It will not come to you. You will go out and look for it.

The people on this side of town are not specially crowned gods.

Don't blame the traveller for not walking through the dirty, poor roads of your country. That is not my job. I am not Amanpour.

I will not pass through Oshodi every other day in Lagos, then come to another country to be sniffing for poverty just so I can be "real".

I am not your sister. This is not some "Hakuna matata" conference. I'm searching for the good life amidst your poor choices. And I write, so it is in order that I will review my experiences AS I SEE THEM. Not through your eyes. Nah. I ain't living your experience. All man to himself.

I reviewed Manhattan for one full year! Everytime I remember any details of my New York experience, I write.

So Ghanaians, your government did not pay me to launder its image. And stop being afraid of Nigerians taking over your country.

We are not after your country.

We are after the entire world. In 200 million ways.

Be consoled by your jollof rice. Or som'tin.