# Rant1218


July 22, 2018

There's the common saying...

"We all think differently".

There's nothing farther from the truth.

99.9% think the same way. It is why "Herd Mentality" is a thing. Because 99.9% of humans are influenced by everything except their own convictions.

Why? 

They do not engage intellectually or hold objective evaluation to form a judgment on anything.

They move where the majority moves. And in that brain-draining exercise, they try to do what others are doing with probably a little spunk.

But it's the same thinking.

So no, that saying is totally false. (Majority of) humans think alike.
.
However, there's that small number of persons who think differently...

And because the majority is uncomfortable with this set, they call them "rebellious" "defiant" "misfit".

In some insane cases, they qualify the small numbers as "bitter" and "jealous" of the crowd.

Bitter and Jelaous.

Let me explain that for one second...

You require no insight or sixth sense to join the crowd, to be like everyone else. It's the simplest assignment to give yourself. Your brain is constantly on vacation. Your body simply moves to the rhythm played by the crowd.

How anyone can think the unorthodox individual who sets a mental path away from the crowd will be jelaous or bitter about the mentality and actions of a mob, beats me.

It takes nothing to think like everyone else. Nothing.

But again, it says alot about this mob mentality - constantly not questioning, not querying, not having a moment of discernment.
.
.

AKA is a successful rapper from South Africa. He is part of SA's zippy pop culture. He has his insignia in the music business which makes him influential and able to direct or sway thousands of people.

As much as I like and listen to AKA's music and appreciate his career growth...

I think this tweet is the best rap song he has ever written. And it's not even a rap song.

Lol!

I call it the Noble-Igwe moment.

That moment when you can step back and ask yourself... 

"Why am I not thinking differently? Why did I settle to become a successful sheep? Why am I on this queue? Why am I even here? What am I doing? What are we doing? Why is this even normal? Why do I find this to be neccessary?"

And so on.

It may last for a week or a month before all the distractions of keeping up with the Jonses show up... and you jump on the queue again, to take your place in the pack. For some, they never go back, which is glorious.

99% of humans NEVER go through this moment their entire lives. Never.

When you do... when you find yourself stepping out of line... don't quickly try to adjust... don't be afraid... allow yourself rebel.

That is what qualifies you as a BEING. Ever evolving. Being uncomfortable with the status quo.

That moment you don't care if you lose followers, lose an endorsement, lose your friends, lose your popular identity... could be the best moment of your life. Strip bare to nothing except your convictions.

It's the closest you'd get to flying like an eagle.

Of course, I am shocked and proud of this statement from an artist who needs Instagram more than you trifling lot. Lol.