# Rant1315


Ocober 12, 2018

The real victims of Nigerian politics are the leaders.

They deserve better followers.

To have people support you in your state of mediocrity... 

To hail you when you achieve very little... 

To see them campaign for you even when YOU know you don't have the solutions... 

To be forgiven of your incompetencies...

For your records of wrongs to be overlooked...

To be loved even with potholes and poor electricity and poor sanitation... 

To have supporters who believe in your right to be rich off their backs, while they struggle to send their children to school...

As a Nigerian leader you are a casualty of some of the dullest, most desperate, most selfish people in the world.

You are surrounded by people who want you to continuously disregard them. When these people come together, they are called Nigerians. 

If you try to be kind to them, they will resist your kindness. If you try to do your job, they will laugh at you. They know only one kind of leader - the non-performer.

It is like the housemaid who has no idea what to do with a kind master. Your kindness is the passport required to harm you.

Our leaders are the victims of this entire charade called Nigeria.

This country is not worth existing anymore.

If truth be told.

Our Intellectuals are busy holding discourse on, err... "Contextualising Pan-Africanism et al", speaking big grammar all over the world. 

Our Rich Nigerians are... I don't even know what the fuck our Rich is doing. 

Nigeria is such a disgrace, it scalds the soul.