# Rant1224



July 27,  2018

Let me tell you about my day.

TGIF and all that jazz… I decided I deserved another weekend at Four Points. So I head to Four Points, but Four Points is fully booked.

Damn.

I have a meeting by 12pm. I’m running late. I get to the prospect's office. Great place. Amazing boss. I am served small chops and a drink. And I get a brief at the end of 30 minutes of the meeting. Write Culture is providing content, soft branding and storytelling for the client. It’s an international brand, which definitely deserves a weekend indulgence. We shake hands, I leave.

I drive down to Protea Hotel. I book for three nights. I want to write. I need the ambience.

But when I get into my room… I hear voices in the adjacent room. Consistent drivel of artisans and labourers. I am beside myself with irritation. I open my door and see that the next room is an empty room and the blue-collar members of staff have made the place a reckless hangout!

How, for chrissake, do you let this happen in a hotel like this?

Why don’t we take the time to TRAIN our staff and tell them how to behave when they appear at work?

Leave your habits at home. Wear that cloak of refinement and carry out your job as if you’ve worked for the Queen of England your entire life.

No. We carry our Ikorodu behaviour, our Ikotun chaos, and Oworonsoki jollity to a place of work that requires tranquility and sophistication.

I return to the reception and I lament. I will not be staying in that room. Na!

They apologise. I tell them to use the energy for apologies to train their staff.

I wait a few more minutes… and then I get an upgrade.

Ah! Nice.

I move into a deluxe room at the price of a standard room. I even have a balcony! Do you know how amazing it is to have a balcony you can sit in a hotel??? 💃

It’s going to be a great weekend 😊
.