# Rant1081


February 17, 2018

At some point I'd need to see a therapist and talk about being a misanthrope, almost never inspired, the unrealistic speed of emotional healing, never wanting to be around people for more than an hour, never satisfied with any kind of progress, never really in the room, never really present, always searching, thinking so little of the average person, counting the days, watching the days count themselves, being so fearful of love, being so unsure of real affection, expecting the worst, believing the worst, literally not looking forward to anything, not excited, then too excited, then living with the disappointments of the moment, constantly assuring myself of nothing, of rice and stew, of Malta Guinness, of nostalgia so sad I feel my soul leave my body, of memories so good I warm my heart with tears. Of believing I deserve nothing. Of believing I deserve something. Of working my ass off. Of staring at nothing until the hours drop. Of growing a career and finding no real joy in the activities. Of never finding myself in anything. Of never really finding that connection. Of irritation. Of scripts. Of rants. Of beauty. Of sex. Of lust. Of nothing. Of everything.  

We need to talk to someone at some point. Without familiarity becoming a wall, or breeding contempt.

A professional.

Except it can't be with a Nigerian therapist with an active social media life, yapping all the time about anonymous clients or leaving his/her imprint on threads.

Nah. Else I'd have to come back to your office with a scissors and...

cut all your hair out.