# Rant1257



September 6, 2018

Long post. Very controversial.
.
.

Tariq in Power series is an entitled child.

Entitled children make me want to punch a wall.

I am of the unpopular opinion that what children need is love, care, good education, balanced diet, financial and moral support, and a modest inheritance. Modesty, in this case, can be measured by a parent’s financial capacity.

An entitled child, however, believes he deserves more. He is upset when he doesn’t get more. He is angry when his parents deny him of the most frivolous privileges, and refuses to be fully aware of the great advantage he enjoys which was made possible by parents who worked so hard and didn’t end up as blue collar majorities scraping for worth off the walls of a factory.

I cannot stand children who are not AWARE of their privileges enough to make them unassuming and courtly.

I think parents should make their kids aware of where they stand in the social class, and ensure their privileges do not rob them of common decency.

Old money manages to breed sophisticated children with kindness and propriety.

But new money breeds the worst kind of brats.

You see them in supermarkets and you want to slam their heads on a wall… except you shouldn’t be thinking this kind of thought. They are children. You should never think of slamming a 10 year old’s head on a wall wailing for a retarded toy – one of a million he has broken, and his mother showing parental restraint trying to ensure he doesn’t always get what he wants. As it should be.

Sometimes, it’s the reverse. It is an uncommon reverse but it happens in some cases.

The rich kid’s antagonism doesn’t always come from wanting more good stuff and not getting it. Sometimes it comes from not wanting anything to do with his privileges because he is offended by the choices his parents make.

Tariq is the reverse child. He is offended that – wait for it –

His parents, Ghost and Tasha, didn’t tell him of their drug life on the streets before they were able to get out of it and into the rich side of town where they eventually built a better life and had kids they can take care of, away from the hustle and drugs and guns and murders.

This spoilt brat is offended that his parents’ past was kept away from him.

And that’s not all… he is also offended that his father, Ghost, would dare to find love with another woman. Not his mother.

LMAO!

He is not interested in his father’s happiness. He is interested in how his father’s choices affect him and the cute idea of family.

And there’s nothing wrong with that because he is a kid. But there is something wrong when his father’s choice drastically causes a 360 degree alteration in Tariq’s life.

How did the boy get so angry that he would rather become a drug peddler and murderer than be the rich kid who knows very little of his parents’ past?

It is Entitlement. The idea that he has a right to determine what his parents should be for him to be happy.

Nigga, you don’t have that right. I’m sorry.

Ghost didn’t leave his children. He left their mother because adults have a right to choose who they want to be with… and they have a right to change their minds.

That’s the little crux of adulthood. You make decisions. Some of them not so good, others very good. Nonetheless, you have a right to these mistakes, but most importantly you have a duty to ensure these choices do not destroy the people you love.

Tariq wasn’t destroyed by Ghost’s choices. He was a child already in a waiting list of self-destruction.

He is a sociopath. And I know many people believe teenagers cannot be sociopaths, but I disagree. There is a sense of entitlement you allow your child wear around his neck and he begins to believe that he can destroy property, himself and people if things do not go his way.

The job of a parent is to continue drumming it into the ears of their adolescents in their care that… YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO SHIT!

Stop bringing up entitled children who care only for themselves.

The argument may go thus: wasn’t Ghost thinking only about his own happiness when he left Tasah for Angela?

The answer is Yes, Ghost was thinking of his happiness. But the adult thing is: he was still present in the life of his kids, still paying the bills, still paying the school fees, and still ensuring their lifestyle didn’t change because he made a decision regarding whom he would rather spend his life with moving forward.

The point where a child begins to say that all of these sacrifices are not enough and a parent MUST remain in their lives 100%, then it is time to sit that kid down and have a very frank conversation about needs, wants, choices, decisions, opportunities etc.

I understand that changing partners will affect children in the process, but if it affects a child as drastically as it did Tariq, then that child needs to see a psychiatrist because it cannot be the fault of his parent to seek a new job or a new lover that should make a child turn to a monster.

Nothing changed in Tariq’s life except that Ghost wasn’t home every hour, eating next to him.

Truth is, if a child cannot adjust to the crucial changes that happen around him, then he is missing an essential ingredient to survive in this world.

Change is inevitable.

The earlier you make your kids aware of this, the better for y’all.

I have seen women use their kids as pawns to get back to a husband.

It is a disgusting thing to do.

I remember, many years ago, when I told my mother that her divorce from my father didn’t affect me in anyway, I sensed her disappointment, because the common notion is that children are greatly affected by their parent’s choices, and this is very true. However I didn’t care too much if they were together or not… as long as my life did not have to take a deep dive into unknown territories of suffering. As a matter of fact, I was intrigued by the whole idea of having two homes. And I loved the fact that when my mother annoyed me, I could pack my bags and head to my father’s house where nobody really talked to me very much, which allowed me to read more.

My point is: If a child shows signs of being a psychopath, it can trace back to the method of upbringing, but not to the personal/legal choices the parents make to stay happy.

Every parent has a right to do what they want, putting the interest of their children first.

But this excuses the daft option of women remaining in abusive marriages “because of the children”. No!

If a parent wants to go abroad to get a degree, you shouldn’t deny yourself of opportunities like these because you have kids. What you must do is put your house in order before making that kind of decision. Obviously you can’t leave a toddler, so this is for older kids.

Ghost didn’t change anything about his family, except not wanting to be with Tasha anymore.

So how Tariq goes from being a very good kid to a boy pushing drugs and shooting people is something that I find hard to accept.