# Rant1083


February 19, 2018

My first pregnancy. I thought it was insane to carry a child for nine months. That’s an entire year (minus three months) of walking around quietly and carefully and not getting enough done. I couldn’t understand how this could be considered cute or fancy.

Folks, this is an entire year of rolling around and watching your body lose itself. I wondered then, how is it there hasn’t been some other way to make this shorter? You know, science and all, coming to our rescue.

You would think women would be proud of IVF. These people are still ashamed of something that they believe isn’t natural. Surrogacy is not exactly cool either. If science finds a way to shorten pregnancy and ensure an external cocoon is created to keep a baby growing after three months out of the womb, women (not men) will reject it. Because this female tribulation must be lived.

Then labour pain. My gaaaaawd!!!

I discovered that women actually have this natural birth/caesarean birth conversation as a tool for mockery and pride.

Who would have thought that would be a discussion a gender should have or brag about? We should be thinking of ways to make our lives easier.

Except women don’t want easier lives; they want a man to love them through a trail of sufferation (I feel like saying “Jah Rastafari” at this point). It is the love of a man that they want, that they will die for, that they crave for. They want the victimhood to continue, but be loved in the process of being unhappy, worn, lowly, slow, broke, and unpretty. And that’s just damn sad.

It is why the average woman in an average relationship thinks she is better than the successful woman in no relationship. It is why a married woman barely able to afford a Ghana trip thinks she has any kind of advice for a Rita Dominic.

Women want to watch their legs swollen and their lips swollen and their bellies touch the floor and their colour turn to grey… and be loved in that state of total frightening transformation... and be "shook" when they are not. Even "shooker" when they see that men complain they look different from what they used to be. 

Women be like: "love me the way I am with my dirty morning wrapper and my numerous failed diet plan. It is a test of your male maturity to love me in my worst physical form. Do you not want to be counted as a worthy male? Then love me damn it! Do it. Else I will kill a rat!" Or something.

If men were to get pregnant… this nine months idea won’t cut it at all. White dudes would have solved this matter long time. No time.

If men were to suffer rape as (much as) women, they’d have made sex devices of different shapes and colours that will cut through a roaming penis the minute it tries to make any kind of forceful penetration. It would be available over the counter.

Men would have found a way to demystify sex if they were the ones to be shamed by it.

If they had to be the gender to “wait on another for marriage", they’d neglect the entire idea of marriage and find other ways to ensure they don’t have to ever wait.

Many crimes and predicaments women suffer, or are victims of, would have been handled with brutal solutions if the tables were turned, because men don’t consider themselves victims. And anything that makes them feel like a recipient of a crime or an unfortunate event will be identified and handled and solved.

I am not necessarily referring to Nigerian men. You are like your women in many cases.

Naturally when I speak about men, it is an idea that is mostly related to the alpha male; and in an era of non-binary sexuality, it is important to note that when I speak of Men – I speak of a stereotype – a Man, before it became uncool to have authority and be chivalrous and be in charge.

Mentally strong women want mentally strong men who know how to be in charge. Not by saying it, but by being it.

Screaming “I am the head of the house” in a two bedroom rented apartment is what fools are made of. You are not even the head of your stomach, fool.

There are very few things as upsetting as watching an average man beat his chest proclaiming to be the head. You are somewhere around the abdomen and the anus, not head. Very far from head or a brain.

So there. I thought it is important we understand that this doesn’t apply to the men you know. I mean, we are producing pencils this year. Says a lot about our men and women.

Ok, back to the topic…

Many things women suffer would have become tales.

Think about matriarchal societies and how slooooooooooow they develop.

Think of patriarchal societies, how ruthless they are to anything that crawls, but how fast they develop. How high they fly.

In patriarchy, 5% of thinking men can change the entire world for good.

In matriarchy, 5% of thinking women will have their voices stifled under the weight of insecure women who need to sustain a culture of femininity as a beast of burden.