# Rant1084


February 20, 2018

I find a station that sells fuel, finally.

There are three attendants trying to distract me, “Madam, off your engine. Light still dey show for your car.”

I know what this is about. This is the performance that precedes petty fraud. This madam-we-care-so-much-about-your-wellbeing-and-your-car performance is the act that ushers in degenerate behaviour.

So I ignore them. Every moron knows that when you open the door of a car, the red door light comes on, especially if the moron works at a gas station. Smh.

So they keep asking me the same damn question, “how much, ma?”

And I keep saying, “five thousand naira”.

But they need my distraction to be made of Nigerian fabric, so they make it seem like they ask these questions over and over again out of respect.

I am bored.

When the fuel starts to read, I see very clearly that it starts at N500.

But it goes so fast to N900 that I am past caring. 

I just don’t care. Whatever. Eat my N500. Pfff.

Thing is, Nigerians know their fuel gauge, and there are not too many people you can defraud this way. They know it so well that if fuel is short of N20, people lose their shit. 

I have seen a man in a Range Rover fight a fuel attendant because of N100 scam. I kid you not. I have seen many jerry-can buyers fight for N30 fuel theft.

So if this is some kind of new petty scam at this station, they won't succeed beyond a few people who just don't care.

But even if they do… they still won’t buy a house, a car, a business, go on vacation with bits and pieces of stolen money they gather during artificial scarcity.

And at that moment when I realise I had just been defrauded, and they believing I am oblivious of this fraud… the happy sighs they share, the quick glances, and kindred celebration… I feel so sorry for them. So sorry.

This is their triumph on a Tuesday morning. This. Stealing N500 from an “unsuspecting” car owner. 

N500 split into, probably, ten parts (because I believe all the other pump attendants are in on it). N500.

So let us imagine you make N175,000 from this scam in a week; share it amongst, say, 5 people – that’s N35,000 each.

N35,000 cannot take you from poverty to anywhere near wealth. You are exactly where you were last year, and will be there for a very long time if this is how you plan to “make it”.

I was actually thinking of calling a driver (whom I would have to tip generously) to help me get fuel because I was so sure I wouldn’t find fuel anywhere near my office in Lekki Phase 1. But I did. N500 is inconsequential to my own triumph of getting fuel in a country that strives daily to be a bastard.

I drive off and I realise how terribly unequal we are. It’s not inequality that comes from naira notes, it is inequality that comes from ambition and purpose and goals and outcome.

It is impossible for me to see those fuel attendants as better than roaches. I think so little of them, I couldn't bring myself to question their petty scam. It just doesn't matter to me. Not today.

It is not just the idea of scamming someone else, it is the joy of being a part of something so petty, so small; something that won't exactly elevate you, something indecent, something that may cost you your job that makes this so sad. 

All you need to do is scam one man who has got all the time in the world to meet you on that petty level and cause an outrage, in his Range Rover, so loud that it will drag the Manager out of his hole, and so loud it will most likely drag someone else bigger than the Manager… and plenty noise and plenty “forgive me” and plenty “do you know who I am” and plenty “imagine these nobodies" will follow.

Because of what? Because of a few N500 scam.

We are not equal, abeg.

I am in my office now. Fuel in my car. I am above anything those petty thieves can accomplish in a lifetime.. N500 et al.