# Rant1305


October 5, 2018

Nigerian churches be like...

You must get permission from your pastor before you get married.

You must let your pastor know before you build the foundation on your land in Ikorodu.

You must bring your Visa to your pastor to bless your journey.

You must surrender your cheque book for prayers every time new money enters your account.

You must come for deliverance from cancer before you go to any hospital.

You must let your pastor know when you get a new job.

You must allow your pastor decide if your mother is a witch.

You must bring your children for prayers if they cannot pray in tongues.

You must seek advice on how to train your employees from your pastor.

You must let your pastor know immediately your wife gets pregnant.

You must let your pastor know if your wife is rebellious.

You must seek counsel with your pastor whenever you face marital issues in your home.

You must marry from the same church.

You must not read worldly books and be contaminated.

You must...

There is no institution that can take you ten centuries back like religion. There is no institution that can dumb you down faster than religion.

Nothing about religion improves civilization.

It is a wretched practice that exploits and damages.

When you throw marriage into religion... you become an empty trashcan not even fit to hold trash. You lose all your senses. Your right to discernment. Your wit dries up like a tree in winter.

You are at the bottom of every chain.

Religion strips you of common sense, of dignity, of liberty.

All you need to do is THINK. Think!

But religion instructs you NOT to think. Because thinking makes you doubt. 

"Don't think," it says. "Just believe."

Lol! Phew!

It would be hilarious if it wasn't so damn stupid.