# Rant1095


February 28, 2018

I had a PA once who always wanted to use her brain, and I continuously begged her not to.

The instruction, for instance, could be: 

"Drop this bag in my car."

She would use her brain and conclude that it would be better to drop the bag with the office driver.

So when I get into my car, the bag won't be in there. I'd call her and ask for my bag...

"Where's my bag?"

"I gave it to the driver, ma."

"Why? I specifically told you to drop it in my car!"

"Ma, I thought if I gave it to the driver, he'd know exactly where you want the bag to be placed inside the car."

"But... did I tell you to hand the bag to the driver?!"

"No, ma."

"So why did you? I gave you my car key and told you to DROP THE BAG IN MY CAR!"

"Sorry, ma. I thought -"

"Stop thinking!"

It went on for a full eight months.
.

"Did you send the package to the Mainland?"

"No, ma. I thought it'd be better to send it to the other Island office and get the delivery man to send it to the Mainland by himself tomorrow."

"You thought?"

"Yes, ma."

"Stop thinking!"

*
"Did you send the email to the members of staff?"

"No, ma."

"Why?"

"Ma, I actually thought if I told them face-to-face they will understand better."

"You mean you didn't send a mail? So how do we document this verbal meeting of yours?"

"Oh. I thought it won't be necessary to document because - "

"STOP. THINKING."
*

"Have you confirmed my next meeting?"

"Yes, ma. I sent a text."

"But I told you to call."

"Ma, I thought a text would be better because - "

"You are still thinking, aren't you?"

"Ma, I thought -"

"Stop. Just stop."

*
Everytime she put her brain to work, everytime she "thought", the end result was a disaster.

Her thinking was putting her into so much trouble - making such terrible mistakes, making infantile judgments.

I don't think she has the ability to process any information without a stubborn need to be an idiot.

This is not rebellion. This is plain stupidity.
*

She got married recently (of course, what else could possibly happen beyond that?)...

She just gave birth to a child (of course, it's a child. Did you think it'd be a goat?)

She called to share this huge achievement (marriage and motherhood) with me.

"Congrats," I said. 

"My husband needs a job, Ma. Can he call you?"

"No. Send his CV. If anything comes up, fine."

"Ok, ma."
.

Two days later, I get a call.

"Hello, this is Mr. X. My wife said you may have a job for me."

"I thought I told your wife to send your CV, not to call?"

"Well, she THOUGHT it'd be better if I called you instead."

I cut the call. Shook my head, and murmured to myself...

That woman is still thinking.

Sad.