# Rant1133


April 6, 2018

The Nigerian Police can be trusted only when it feeds our ego and our prejuduces. Who would have thunk it? 

And here I was thinking SARS has been unfair to Nigerians, it turns out Nigerians have been lying all along.

Bail is indeed free, and not a dime has ever been collected from Nigerians, yet the liars try to taint the good and hardworking name of the Force. Chai.

And roadside extortion? Your guess is as good as mine, it has never happened! Nevuuuur! Lies the average car owner tries to sell to us.

The police have said it over and over that there is no truth to the stories of corruption in the country. Why have we lied against the government for so long?

There's a 911 dial for emergency and none of you have used it. Kai! Yet you lie that Nigeria is not safe, making The Nigerian Police out to look incompetent. Haba!

No police officer has ever asked to see the receipt of a laptop or dragged a man off an okada to check his pockets and sue him for, well, having dreadlocks. They have told us many times, but we believed the tweets from lying tweeps instead. Oh why?!

We have been unfair to the police. They have always maintained truth... just like they did recently stating no rape or sexual molestation occurred at a concert in the East.

If it wasn't reported then it didnt happen.

Didn't your mother teach you that?

If you did not see the eclipse of the sun, then did it really take place? Of course not. Knock your head, you tribalists. 

That's right, you are all just hateful tribalists, jealoz of the Igbo tribe becuz they are so loud and so hardworking and they can marry wife and take care of it, sorry, her. And they can be found in all crannies of the world making money and hustling. We hate the Igbo tribe because we too want small-small rivers in our own villages that bring about great discriminations.

Congrats, everyone! It feels good to know that, moving forward, we can rest with the words of the Nigerian corpse, sorry, cops.