# Rant1100


March 3, 2018

My non-existent celebrity life.
.
My Chairman thinks I should become a celebrity. Well, we'll see.

I've had many brushes with celebrity lifestyle. I rejected every opportunity. I just didn't care.

I was an editor at Genevieve magazine, so all the invitation cards came to my desk. 

Some came with flowers, others came with bottles of wine, some with samples of fragrances - the whole luxury attempt at wooing this editor; still didn't budge.

I did once or twice though. Dressed up and headed to a red carpet event. 

The events always start late. The camaraderie on the red carpet takes forever. The incredulous pretentious accents and air-kisses and suffocating imitation of Hollywood lifestyle is a tad bit too much for me.

I mean, after all of this poor reproduction of grandeur, we'd have to return to flooded streets, smelly gutters, 8 years olds selling banana on the street by 10pm, poor electricity and stinking poverty, all around us, clinching to our expensive couture, begging for some attention. 

So what's the point of all the American accent on red carpets?

But I was told this was the life I had to live. I was told I was lucky. Everyone wanted a chance to be an editor of a successful glossy magazine. And boy! was Genevieve successful then!

So I show up at an event, bored to my dentition. Familiar faces. Familiar lateness. Familiar fashion. Familiar controversies. Familiar lack of substance. Familiar discomfort. Familiar dissatisfaction.

I couldn't understand why I had to go out every weekend to watch other people do things I wasn't deeply interested in. I didn't believe in any of them. I didn't believe in the system. I created horns on everybody's head or tails on people's backside just to survive the night.

I stopped entirely. That entire celebrity/red carpet life wasn't for me.

I wanted to be known as a brilliant writer. I wanted people to seek me out and then be pleasantly surprised that I was, well, nice looking. Or something. Whatever.

I just didn't like the idea that I had to be out there trying to be seen. I have always felt I was better than a lot of people.

It is arrogance. It is narcissism. And I don't deny it. But it is what it is.

I am only humble when I enter my room at night... and I weigh the episodes that make up my life. And I see just how insanely fabulous it is. Then I cry and I humbled. 
.
I've always wanted to have my own show. I've always thought I'd do well if I was left alone to just run a time-belt... because I have a plethora of opinions and I am good with the camera. Apart from the fact that it adds pounds to my flesh (ugh!), the camera loves me.

I didn't get a show. I've co-anchored a few great shows that tired me because I was always ahead of myself to the irritation of others.

Now, however, I own a company that can produce great shows, when the time comes.

So let me see... this is similar to an Oprah trying to keep a job at GMA... when she had all she needed to start a Harpo Production, and be her own TV boss.

Yes. Yes. That's me.

I'm feeling myself.