# Rant1406


December 31, 2018

No bullshit talk this last day of 2018.

When I lost Writers' Inc just as easily as I got it...

I allowed my heart break into pieces and I mourned, put ashes on my head and slept for as long as I should.

Then I got up. Had a bath. Ate some food. Wore perfume... And went at it again. 

I gathered all the pieces of that failed mission at my feet. I picked piece by piece of the tragedy and tried to make a better story of it.

I met someone, presented my pieces of tragedy patched together to tell a brilliant story... and things began to happen.

I got a new company almost immediately. Travelled like a mudafucka. And moved to Lekki.

I turned the debris of a failed company to two companies in Lekki before the end of 2018.

At the end of the year, Write Culture has produced: 
3 stage plays. 3 major scripts for clients. 1 short film.
(PS: Note that Write Culture started in June. So it wasn't even a full year!)

Roberta sent me the breakdown of ticket sales for our mini plays - we sold N2.1m tickets. I also wrote movie scripts worth N2m, only because I stopped collecting scripts after a while, I even returned monies of producers I didn't think would interprete my scripts accurately. 

I didn't start the year thinking I was going to write, produce and direct Plays. For something that wasn't even part of the plan for 2018, I was able to sell N2.1m tickets.

Imagine what will happen if I actually prepare for it.

Art is not oil. So this little victories mean alot to me. I celebrate them!
.

I turned hate, criticism, fear, loss to love, happiness, peace, growth and strength.

I did not run to a church. I did not pay tithe. I did not challenge any Hallelujah. 

I simply picked the debris of my first attempt and turned it to Art.

I looked at my loss and wondered what beauty can come out of it.

I made that loss look like a bed of roses at the very end.

Because if my intellect is not enough to fix my life, then God is going to be really ashamed of me.

He made me in his image.

I do not expect God to be running to church every other day to ask a pastor what to do with the debris of his business.

Is the pastor an entrepreneur? Has he run one business in his life that didn't require asking for tithe or donation or special offering? Has he built anything without employing spiritual manipulation?

What would Jesus do if he lost a company?

Think!

Jesus would get another investor.

No, he will not turn stone to money. That's not how he operates. He will like to show the human process of how to deal with loss, not with a miracle but practical steps to follow.

Heck, Jesus will go to a wealthy man's house and drink wine, yo! And after glasses of wine and music, he'd tell the niggaaa the parable of "the business debris". 

Money will fall on Jesus eventually.

Checkmate, binches!
.

What would Jesus do when the rug is dragged from under his feet?

He would brush his afro, go to the feast of a kind celebrant and ask for his Aladdin mat.

Yup!

Jesus would travel around the world with that mat.

Because Jesus is in the business of winning.

But the most honourable thing Jesus will do is say..
 
"Thank you. Thank you for rescuing me when I needed help. Thank you for believing in my Art - my purpose for being. Thank you for investing in me at the crucial hour of my loss."

He would return the mat in good condition. With the kindness of one's belief, he would build himself his own little business to show that the investment was not placed inside a basket.

And because one thousand years is like a day and vice versa, Jesus doesn't acknowledge New Year.

He is new every morning. 

And we are told to be like Jesus.

I've been Jesus-ing all through 2018. Oh, you didn't know? 

So apart from your little cute stories of contributing to someone's wellbeing and taking many pictures to prove your kindness on social media...

How have you lived like Jesus for your own personal greatness?

Sometimes, the best reward you can give your world is the life you choose to live.

May we be more like Jesus in 2019.

Not the character we believe is meek and sheep.

But the roaring lion, yo!

The fucking king of the jungle.

Cheers!