# Rant1158


May 3, 2018

This discussion on Slavery reminds me of Feminism (Oh shit, I’m about to piss the rest of y’all off! LOL!!)

We refuse to address the role blacks played in slave trade – the sheer greed that we know so well, I mean… you don’t need to look too far, that greed exists in just the same quantity, with narcissistic measure to boot in our recurrent state of lack and degeneracy. Greed played a huge role in slave transaction.

It’s painful to watch people speak of Modern-day slavery as a consequence of colonization.

When. Do. You. Plan. To. Hold. Yourself. Responsible. For. Your. Own. Choices?

In another century, we will look back at that CNN report on Modern-Day Slavery and blame it still on whatever current situation black people face. It is a hilarious and convenient cycle blacks do not wish to break…because it places all our shit on someone else’s porch.

In some ways, I find Feminism having some of these traits.

Women do not like women. It doesn’t matter if you have a best friend and a clique of sisters who freely talk about freckles, obesity, sex, business and Vodka. Your little caucus is not a lab result.

Blacks do not like blacks. Look beyond the excitement of agbada and Wakanda and the eloquent sentences of those privileged to find themselves on corridors of first-world opportunities. Look beyond the grappling of “wokeness” and political correctness. Blacks are not true supporters of black, except in measured extents.

Women, stripped of the fluff and discretion of public reviews, do not like women.

I could give you a random example of women’s perpetual self-hate and gender voyeurism:

So Davido of the 30-billion gang buys his girlfriend, Chioma, a N45m Porsche… guess who is on Sophia Momodu’s (his babymama) page taunting and wishing her slow painful misery?

The trolls are not men. The constant hate comes from women like her, who probably have children out of wedlock or locked in redundant marriages or just hate the size of their breasts.

It’s self-hate. It’s the worst kind.

Blacks suffer the same disease.

In theory, a black man wants other black people to penetrate white privileges and have a seat in the midst of white professionals. In practice, the black man wants to be the ONLY black man in a setting of other races. If his kind walks through that same door of opportunity, his first challenge would be to defeat his own “brother”.

White people are used to winning and dominating, so naturally, when they open the door to new opportunities, they expect to find their kind all over the place, without fear or common envy.

Not so for the black man.

Not so for women.

Women who troll other women for the choices they make, are the same people who jump into the moving van of support-your-fellow-woman-even-if-she-is-not-qualified. Same people who tell women to choose their paedophile husbands over justice. Same women who troll the divorcees after dumping the bad marriage. Same women contradicting themselves all the way into Feminism, where they insist they want to be the ones to buy a man a house instead of receiving any gift from the man.

Help me understand this level of feminism where you are upset a man lavishes expensive gifts on a woman because, as a feminist, it’ll be better if you are the one lavishing the brother.

*scratches head*

How does that promote equality if all your feminism requires is the turning of the table to soothe your own ego?

How anyone cannot see the inconsistencies of black issues and Feminism is hilarious, then troubling.

Women, you are not victims of anything!

Blacks, you ain’t victims either.

The custom of widowhood as a tool for degradation, is sponsored by women. If it were left to men, many of these sick tradtions would have ended. Women are the nurturers of life.

A world that relegates women is built and encouraged by women.

Feminism should address women, not challenge men.

Blacks should address their perpetual lack of growth, not continuously point to another race for its own under-development.

You’ve got to take responsibility. And you have to confront a bitter truth about Choices and broader implications.

Look at us. Look at our lives. Look at black communities even in first-world nations. Look at our success rate vis-à-vis other race.

Lagos- the commercial nerve centre of the largest black nation - is largely run by other people, not Nigerians. The returns of these investments do not benefit the ordinary black man in his own country!

See ehn, go and find a long couch and sit your under-developed behind with the fuming catarrh coming out of your nose regarding Kanye’s opinion. We are not even equipped to trade blames with any race when we are yet to solve potable water for our children.

You’ll think these people care for anything beyond the meal they’ll have for lunch. We are plebeians. When you are ready to change your society, nobody can stop you – not whites, not Jews, not oranges.