# Rant1335


November 4, 2018

As I head back to Happenings Media as Creative Director, let me tell you about Relevance...

Do not accept mediocrity in any organisation you work for or manage.

If you sense that your colleagues are mediocre and you cannot achieve the great ideas you'd want to execute for the benefit of the company, RESIGN.

It is more honorable to resign than remain in the midst of sheep... because soon you will fit in and be like them. And what a shame that would be!

There is no honour in fitting in.

If you do not wish to resign, then talk to the authority in the office who can cause a change.

Allow people to hate you. I can never understand why we fear Hate. 

Allow them to hate you! 

As a matter of fact, if you are brilliant at what you do, people should hate you.

This "like" business gets on my freaking nerves.

Don't like me. Heck, don't!

I hate that word!

You like jollof rice. You like the uniform on the security guard in your estate. You like a cat. You like your new dress. You like the company driver who drives you to work...

Please don't be liking me.

What people should feel around you should be creative energy, a get-up-and-go spirit, chutzpah, enthusiasm... and other qualities that will either expose their averageness or push them to think outside the box...

That freaking box that allows companies continue to regurgitate old, tired methods without shame.

You can like these qualities enough to help you do something about yourself. Yes. 
.

As I was saying...

Do not breathe around, live with, condone or accept mediocrity.

You are better dead than mediocre. That is how serious you should take your stand against average ideas and execution.

Stand tall. Share your grandest ideas. Don't hold back. Allow your contribution go through fire. Defend it. Tweak it. Re-do it. Execute to near perfection. 

Don't settle.

As long as you do not shrug and say, "I cannot kee myself"... Then there's hope for you.
.

My Chairman asked me, "What position would you rather be - your former position as Managing Director? Editor-in-Chief or Media Head?"

I said, "Creative Director."

Allow me to create and execute ideas.

It is what I am on this green earth for.

I'm happy to do this. 

Oh! Write Culture is going to be fine! I have breathe life into Roberta. Besides, I'll be doing most of the work from my office...

Because it smells nice 😁
.

The cosmic love me, I can't lie 😊
.

PS: I'll be hiring a bunch of creative/managerial positions soon. So get ready.