# Rant1129


August 4, 2018

Yesterday I went to the optometrist to check my eyes.
.

I’ve had glaucoma for five years.

I've probably had it for longer, but five years ago was when I did the test.

When I was shown the damaged spots in my eyes - all red in glaucoma horror, all I said was “Wow”. 

I left, took a walk, then finally went home. I was alone, living as a single parent in my first Festac apartment – a two bedroom crib I loved. I didn’t let it bother me. I could at least control the spread with eye drops. 

But drops couldn't cure it, unless surgery happens. That was what I was told.

Doctor told me I would be fine if I use my drops to control the spread OR go for surgery. Surgery was out of the question for me. Eyes are too delicate. I was ready to maintain glaucoma with drops for the rest of my life.

I joked one time to a friend that the money I spend on glaucoma can buy a bungalow easily in Festac.

For four years, I didn’t check my eye pressure… because… I just didn’t. I was always too busy, or too lost in my head.

So yesterday I went to the optometrist to check my eyes. 

That is how this post started, right?

Ok.

Doctor told me I have no glaucoma left.

“Wow”, I responded, just as I did when I first found out I had it.

“You should see the consultant, I am sure he will tell you to stop using your eye drops,” she smiled.

I did over three tests yesterday that cost us quite a sum. But here I am, free of glaucoma.

Crazy.

I didn’t even know glaucoma could be cured!

Science is the God we have on earth. You won’t find Him in any other institution on this soot earth.

I literally drowned glaucoma out of my eyes by listening to my doctor and using my medication.

I’m still gobsmacked by it all.

Boyfriend was already making plans for laser eye surgery in the UK. He convinced me I had to do it and be free of eye drops. You don’t know how relieved I am that he wouldn’t be spending all that money.
.

I heard someone was blind when he was 16 years old because of glaucoma. It’s a fucking silent destroyer. It eats your pupils like darkness eats the clouds when it is about to rain.
.

Go check your eyes. Check your kids’ too.

Science, yes, medicine is the real miracle.