# Rant1097


March 1, 2018

One part of our gross ignorance and under-achievement that spill into our epic underdevelopment is our inability, as a people, to share our stories.

We are over 180million people strong. Where do we find our stories? Who is telling our stories?

We are still on about Tunde Kelani and Wole Soyinka, a generation almost gone; leaving good stories behind, of course. But will our children and nieces connect with these stories beyond history books? Every year we celebrate old men who conquered the 60s and 70s.

What about the present?

It is why, no matter what anyone says about Laura Ikeji, I find her to be exceptional.

This woman discovered a way to make money on Instagram, and what did she do? She wrote a book about it. She is sharing her knowledge with thousands of people, thereby empowering a generation of Instagram users.

You think that is not great?

If people share their stories of success, we will have less clueless lost young people in our immediate environment.

There are abled young men roaming the streets, unsure what to do with their lives. Young women unsure what to do with adulthood except jump in and out of average relationships.

Not everyone is self-motivated. If you are one of those people who can think and achieve, then you need to share your story, you may need to write a book or own a viable platform... And empower others.

If you finally cracked a legit way to make your first million naira, then document your story on how you made your first million. Save these bright but poor Nigerians with your knowledge and secret.

If you found someone to successfully partner with you in business, then share your story on the rules of partnership.

If you have a brilliant career and have done well in corporate Nigeria, by jove, save all these young (un)employed citizens. They have zero etiquette or any idea on how to clinch or keep a job. They have no idea on building self.

If you travel, take us with you, figuratively - write about the world through your experience with lovely pictures. Let us go to places we haven't been through your eyes.

The biggest social class in Nigeria is the Aspirational Class. People who aspire to wear the nicest clothes, afford the most expensive jewellery, hang out in the most exquisite venues, travel to the most beautiful locations in the world.

Instagram is a success because of Aspiration. University students are the most viable Aspirational group. Ovation magazine was a hit then because young people stuck in dirty hostels could flip through beautiful pictures of the rich and, well, aspire in many ways.

It is an entire social class; and if you travel alot then you have one of the most active social groups as your audience.

If you are a baker, designer, MUA, photographer, and you have what many of your peers can only dream of...write that book on excelling in your profession.

If Nigerians are not reading, it could be that they are tired of reading fiction. Fiction is for a small toffee-nosed crowd. People want to be saved from themselves first before giving a hoot about beautiful sentences, that is the wide disconnect. They want books that can change their lives.

Nigerians read leaflets from pastors and motivational books from half-baked American ranters.

We need to start writing the true Nigerian stories.

Oprah's story is not our story. Apply her media principles in Nigeria and you may find yourself lost and confused.

We should have our own people share their own stories.

If you have achieved genuine success, stop giving handouts. Giveaways are cute but it empowers no one. It's almost even belittling. Instead EMPOWER Nigerians. Share your secret. Teach them how to fish. Save the nation. Build a generation.

And stop acting like people are nosy when they ask you HOW YOU MAKE YOUR MONEY.

It is a valid question. Why does it get Nigerians acting defensive every single time. Why?

It is shallow to flaunt wealth or privilege and yet be offended when people ask questions. 

I can't deal. Why are you offended?

Life is a lot more than #pepperdem. Empower others.

Good morning.