# Rant1215


July 20, 2018

Your President doesn't read. 

Your local government chairman would rather die than read.
.

Some people wanted to hurt Dino Melaye, what did they do? They destroyed property of a school he was supposed to commission, burned down the classes...

That is how illiterates think. 

You want to hurt a politician, so you burn a project he is expected to launch.

What does the politican do?

He enters his Ferrari and returns to his mansion in the city where he'll book a flight to Spain to rest from all the "trauma".

Question: Who suffers from the actions of the foolish?
Answer: The foolish, his family, his community and his entire lineage.

Everyone suffers in that community except Dino. 

This is how we think in a society that refuses to encourage knowledge above all else.

You cannot cure depraved illiteracy with money. Even our rich are poor. You can only cure Nigeirans disgraceful way of thinking by introducing every scoundrel to a book.

This is the age of Reason. It's been here for a while, but we are black people... so let's flaunt our accessories first, we'll join the rest of the world later - say in another century.

Your richest woman doesn't read. I don't  need to be a gecko on her wall. When she speaks, it's there - every word laced with ignorance.

Your richest man is not reading. If he was he will not have his trailers causing a nuisance on mainland roads.

Your favourite Instagram peeps are dummies. We know that.

Your celebrities are the most ignorant species of an era.

They know nothing about anything except their talent, which is, at best, mediocre.

We are getting information and making life decisions from the mouths of people who read nothing except the newsfeed of their favourite social media poison.

You think their cars or their bags or their wrist watches qualify them to be knowledgeable. It doesn't. As a matter of fact, the more of that you have, the less of knowledge you will truly genuinely seek. I can give you an entire essay on that shit.

All the people you look up to are barely reading.

Your pastors are reading the parts of the Bible that supports their greed.
Your parents haven't read anything since they got their first grey hair - except your father and his newspapers that only feed his anger for the nation.
Your friends haven't picked a book since the last WAEC paper twenty years ago.
Your aunty that gives you life counsel speaks from native wisdom. She hasn't upgraded that brain of hers since 19-gogoro.

You are not in a relationship where you and your lover can travel to a quiet place and read. Breathe in nature. Meditate.

We are always talking out of an empty brain - from the number one citizen, to the scum on the wall of a public toilet.

See our latest atrocious branding - Nigeria Air, you can see how very little thought go into everything we do.

I am distraught everyday that I am part of a society so shamelessly daft, so proud to be backwards, so happy to be ignorant, so rich in that ignorance, and so thankful for being the little rich kitten in a pile of decay and soot and dead bodies, literally.