# Rant1205


July 12, 2018

I had a brawl with a police woman a minute ago.

She said our offence is "windshield violation".

There's a crack on the windshield.

She opened the car and sat in the front seat like the landlord of a house.

Ahn ahn!!!

"What the fuck are you doing in my car?" I howled from behind, "Get down!!!"

She pushed the seat backwards, tilted her cap and acted like she was chilling, tanning under Manhattan sun.

"Madam, get down from this car!"

"Windshield violation," she murmured.

I've used this taxi man's vehicles for 7 years (when I'm too lazy to drive, which is always), so I feel like he is part of my responsibility. I wasn't going to just get up and call an uber. No. We go drag this thing today!

"You are not normal. You are arresting me for a crack on my windshield. Something is wrong with your head."

"I will tow the vehicle!"

"Your head is not correct."

Oh! Our voices as loud as an earthquake.

An elderly police officer comes to the side of my car and starts talking to me like my mother. I fight her too.

"I don't want to hear! Go away!"

But she doesn't go. Smart woman, she knows the end from the beginning. She persists like a grandmother speaking to me like I just came from Jand and she holds the responsibility to advice me about Nigeria and its crooked ways.

Except she is the crook. She sweet-talks me but I stand my ground... only for a short while, until the silly one sitting in the car says,

"Tell your husband to buy you another windshield since you refuse to follow me to the station to give you money to buy another one. Don't you know we have special funds for cracked shields. You see? You don't know... you just like to fight me."

We burst out laughing only because we were both exhausted from shouting.

She steps down from the car with a smile. Now I'm feeling... I don't know what I am feeling... 

I think I feel like we are buddies now - all three of us, and we both deserve drinks and food for all the frustration we put ourselves through for 30 minutes.

I give mama officer N2k. I give wahala officer N1k. 

I drive off as they wave goodbye.

I have been duped. But it's ok.

I console myself by telling the driver, "they don't pay them enough, or at all anyway. I did a good thing."

He scoffs, "Their problem is their problem. Not ours. We are all managing our lives." 

I agree.