# Rant1062


January 21, 2018

Nigerians can never understand the level of compunction or integrity Aisha Buhari displays.

-Because husband must come first... above rape, above corruption, above abuse, above commonsense, above stinking and depressing under development, above incompetence, above everything. 

Mrs. Buhari is making a very important statement that should influence the defining spirit of a new era. 

When Rosa sat on that bus (this is not to equate Aisha's utterances to the actions of Rosa Parks), her action (and actions of a few others) captured the zeitgeist of that era.

There's a lot in Mrs. Buhari's hesitation and sincerity that can apply to true feminism (which Nigerians do not embrace or even understand). We are plebeian at best, so this we shall chuck under political noise or sensationalism. 

The woman loves her husband, but she doesn't believe he is the president Nigeria needs; and she is saying that she will not rally women (the people she influences daily) to stand for his re-election. She is distancing herself from this farce.

I doubt there's any woman in Nigeria with that much courage and conscience to stand against someone you love for the greater good of others who don't give a shit about you. Even if it turns out to be PR gimmick, it should not remove from the substance and the message she passes subtly. 

If we were a people with sense and direction, these words of the president's wife will set us up for new ideals and beliefs that will define a new spirit towards true (gender) liberation.

Whatever sha. Nigerians don't give a shit about any of this beyond the basic narrative. 

She is not a good wife, period. Lol! Go and submit.