# Rant1228


August 2, 2018

When Jessica Chastain accepted the role of Molly Bloom - an Olympic hopeful who became a successful poker game pusher for the elite and famous crowd... Jessica changed herself for that role.

She hit the gym. She exercised. She changed the colour of her hair. She wore blue(?) contacts. She became Molly, not just in character but in her pain and drive and momentary joy. 

We saw the movie - Molly's Game. We hailed Chastain and we adored her acting.

She was beautiful in toned flesh. She looked a decade younger.

That is an actor.
.

Leonardo DiCaprio has been the aviator, the love-struck teenager, the high network thief, the cunning stockbroker. He has been Romeo, the desperate hustler, the diamond seeker, and also the man eaten by a bear. He became every single character (though many still feel DiCaprio isn't so versatile. I love him like the rising sun of a new day!)

That is art.

.

Nollywood actors do not even budge. They appear on your screen exactly as we know them to be. There's no sense of duty or responsibility to become a character. No care for their audience. No desire to know a character and his/her idiosyncrasies.

It is why these people feel the need to sleep with makeup on. Because there's no real desire to be a real person. It is why their acting is a linear disaster, like the flatline on a heart rate monitor!

Sincerely, Nollywood needs to lose weight - as an entire body of art, literally and figuratively. 

They need to take this art seriously. They need to bleed while acting. They need to aspire to something worth appreciating.

The simplest stories are yet a hard task seeing that no one is truly ready to become an artist.

There was that painter who became blind painting the cathedral but yet wouldn't stop. That is what you become if your art is more than just buying Prada.

We climb on stages and say we would like a Nollywood movie to win the Palme d'or - the highest award given at the Cannes Film Festival. 

How is that going to happen when we are yet to nail simple stories?

I want to pay bills, yes. But I want to be greater than a mere business person. I want my art to become a living breathing god. 
.

My art is bleeding. My heart is bleeding.
.
.

Let me leave you with Leonardo in The Revenant, dragged like a rag by a non-existent bear.

This is what I looked at this morning before I could crawl out of bed.

This is what will motivate me as I cast for actors and dancers and singers today as I build my own Theatre group.

Wish me some kind of luck.