# Rant1145


April 18, 2018

Let me tell you why romance is a bit of a drag in Nigeria...

So your man sends you flowers when he detects melancholy in your voice.
 
You get the flowers, they are lovely. If you were a caucasian barbie, you'd smell the roses, sigh happily and plunge the stems into a vase.

But you are an azen from Edo state, so when he sends a poem to you on WhatsApp to complement the bouquet that just arrived from the flower shop, you ask him firmly...

"How much is this flawa?"

He hesitates. But you want to know. So he tells you the price. Your brain scatters!!!

Hsueiwksjdy7w82o1psjhdhdhfiorookega

What the flying fuck! These red roses will get you two bags at Mango store at The Palms!!!

Tears fall down your cheek. Lord why?!
.

And I'll tell you why you'd react that way...

He pays handsomely for a bouquet. Then he pays another handsome fee for delivery - money that will fill up your tank!!!

But these flower peeps don't deliver in an airconditioned car. No. They collect alot of money, yet have the audacity to deliver your romantic gift from the back of a commercial okada!

WTF!

The delivery girl jumps on an okada with fresh flowers, gathering all the Lagos dust, and knocks on your door, sweating like she did a marathon, to deliver roses half covered in dust.
.

You are excited, of course. It is the intention, the lovely thoughts behind this act that you most cherish. 

You look around your house. You want to believe you are chic enough to have a fucking vase.

Nope, woman. You don't have a vase.

Shit!

So you take a bucket from the bathroom, fill it halfway and dip the stems in.

You wait for a full hour to "hear" the fragrance of the flower.

Whossai!!! No fragrance. Isn't the smell supposed to consume your ambience. Or som'tin like that?!

The poor experience the bouquet suffered from Island to mainland on an okada destroyed its essence, obviously. Lagos dust and sun licked the fragrance dry.

You put your nose close to the flower, nothing.

You cannot "hear" any smell.
.

Then he calls you to ask if you like it.

"Yes. I do." You scratch your head.

He says he'd like to see where you placed it.

Shit. Shit.

The damn thing is in a toilet bucket!

Fuck!

You take a picture of the flawa, and click send.

You hold your breath...

You can see he has viewed it. But he stays quiet for long minutes.

"Damn, girl," he finally says.

"I don't have a vase," you meow.

Then he laughs that hearty laugh that makes you know he gets you.

"Ok. Let's have a list of what you like."

So you scribble all the fancy things you like.

And you tell him romance is good but flawa is bad for Nigerian weather.
.

Flawa people want to kill my romantic side.

This is my 32 teeth for your attempt.

You fail! Ayam still romantic.
.

Flawa people - 0

Joy - 100,000