# Rant1144


April 16, 2918

Nigerians glamorize abuse.

The slaps and kicks on the face, belt strokes to the back, slippers flung at you, hot kettle targeted at your head, whilst growing up with Nigerian parents, are made to seem attractive. 

You have found a way to live with this abuse by making it seem desirable - the number of times you were spat at - "idiot" "useless" "e nor go better for you" "bastard"... have been polished over the years to appear as sweet, loving methods to raising stubborn children.

"I want to thank my mum/dad for the years of discipline. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be here doing well in life," - Says the banker, the architect, the businessman or the communications executive.

What kind of a human being needs to be flogged and abused like an animal just to become a regular earning individual?

Are you saying (that) without that stool that broke your back or the bottle thrown at your head, you wouldn't have turned out average?

Are you implying that you are such a waste you needed to be abused just so you could run an average business or hold a regular job?

You were caned and dragged, your mother tore your shirt and embarrassed you publicly, yet you are thankful because you turned out to be a receptionist?

*scratches head*

People who accomplish impressive ideas are groomed in a society that forbids abuse.

Whips and canes didn't create a Zuckerberg or a Warren Buffet or a Hillary... it didn't create a smart 13 year old employed by Google, speaking a language in tech (that) old men and women flogged like criminals and slaves in Nigeria cannot even decipher.

Yet you are grateful? You turned out a fucking commoner. What's wrong with you? How can you justify your abuse/abuser? You didn't have to be flogged even if you were going to turn out to be one of the most important persons in the world, connecting billions of people on one platform. 

Which you aren't. And which makes your abuse a sad, miserable situation that should never have happened.

Are you so useless to think that you needed all that abuse disguised as discipline just to become an engineer?

Pray tell, what would you have become if you weren't battered by your parents? A beggar on the street? A conductor? Those ones too were badly abused, yet they turned out that way.

If I had parents who beat me, I would be doing some serious pepperdem right now in their faces... telling them the truth of their abuse.

God forbid that I would have to live on this earth pretending the slamming of a bowl of rice on my head, just because I didn't sweep the floor, is a form of love and discipline.

Look around you... look at your society, a place where abuse is desirable, yet the victims grow up insecure, clearly average, embracing mediocrity.

You don't like the way "white people" train their children, but you voluntarily gather all the money in your family and walk through death traps in Libya just to get to the other side of the earth, where "the children are badly trained"?

You illegally enter a country and hide around the crannies of first-world societies built by children who could place a call to the police to arrest a rude parent. Yet you despise their method of parenting?

Lol!

You and your battered-back-of-discipline, thankful for your abuse and your abuser, still can't find potable water to drink in your country. 

So what the fuck was all that abuse for?

Ehn?

Why glamorize this shit?

You are a victim. You are insecure. You are a third-world mess...

And no matter what you want to believe, your parents are monsters. Go and visit a therapist to help you with your Stockholm Syndrome.

Miss me with all that nonsense about loving your parents through all the iron burns they left on your body.

Eish.