# Rant1240



August 23, 2018

Simeon Stern tried to take everything away from Ghost...

Ghost got it all back because he had a plan.

He didn't sit on his ass praying and calling on Karma to deal with Simeon.

Nope.

Karma is that slothful vacation your mind takes when it has no real ambition.

Karma is your feckless little plan that isn't actually a plan, just a fictitious boring dull unexciting duplicitous state that wipes your own wrong and exaggerates the actions of others.

Yawn*
.

So back to Ghost...

When he got back what he lost, he smiled and said...

"Because of what you did, I could finally become the man I have always wanted to be."

If he was a Nigerian, he would be on social media crying, gathering more friends and supporters, clap-backing at Simeon and writing silly posts dripping of lazy subs and shades, yet achieving absolutely nothing.

For many, your only reward is having a phone, a social media account and data.

For those who came to this world to actually live a life...they make plans. They follow through with their plans. And see beyond what people do to them.

The most important thing is how you inteprete what happens to you.

It is who we are that determines how we see our situation.

Not everyone who stands in your way is an enemy. Not everyone who pulls out of a deal is an enemy.

If only you will stop being a plebeian, you would find that the best experiences of your life... the experiences that actually change you... were initially made to break you.

But you are a commoner. You know nothing.

Stay there and be waiting for karma.

Before karma shows up, your "adversary" would have built an empire and would easily buy your conscience like stock in a market... like an item off a shelf, and trade you off like a piece of moth-eaten cloth.

Stay there and be gathering friends and supporters.

Stay there.
.
.

I applaud the writers of Power series...

But most importantly, I salute the director who didn't turn a good script into akamu.

God help us on this side of the globe.