# Rant1209


July 15, 2018

To be a critic in Nigeria is probably the hardest position to take.

To express unfavourable opinions of pop culture or judge the merits of society is to have the label "bitter", "jealousy", "angry", "vengeful" as titles.

-Because even in all this mess that is Nigeria, our loudest proclamation is "positive vibes".

Our education is a sham... but proprietors will first tell you about "positive vibes". You'll be warned not to bring your "bitterness" when you need to state the flaws of a school or system.

Our politics is tattered... but it takes a dancing politician or a clown to ease the tension of the hungry masses. And when one person criticizes this practice, he is told that he is envious of the politician.

We have managed to stay "positive", "calm", "happy" through poor health/medical institutions, through poor electricity, through zero amenities and bad governance.

What we preach from home-to-home and institution-to-institution is positive vibes.

The few who do not agree with this, who match their anger with the level of poverty and structural depravity that exist, are tagged "bitter" "unhappy" "vengeful".

Because, in some ways, our biggest aspirations  must be the same. If you don't fall in line, then you must be struggling with your pained emotions. Phew.

For instance, Gani Fawehinmi was a bitter man to some, always trading unpopular opinions. To others he was a hero. Keep your interpretation to your chest. The most important thing is, he lived the life he wanted.
.

I have a friend who left her California home to live in decrepit villages in Africa, helping starving children and confronting poor cultural norms that affect women.

Do you, by any chance, think she will understand this hakuna-matata going on in Nigeria social circles -  a country with the highest poor people in the world, yet with a pop culture too "positively vibing" to address our disgraceful lives?

She sacrificed her own comfort to assist black hungry children, while we are here judging people's happiness based on how they critique pop culture and choices.

I am "hurting" because I judge society's choices? Hurting? That's a far cry from my emotional state.

Critics are not bitter or vengeful.  Not everything is about personal gratification. 

I have been writing this way since the beginning of Facebook. I have always been opinionated. Always.

I will not cut my voice into pieces because someone somewhere believes it makes me "bitter" and "vengeful".

I left a marriage. Took my bags and never went back. I have never asked him for money. Never took him to court or social services to demand he pays for anything. I haven't set eyes on him in ten years. When his mother was bringing some bric-a-brac for the kids and paltry sum every once in a year, I told my mum to stop collecting it. I have been this way from day one. I am vocal, I am fierce, I am unafraid. 

I will not wear a meek coat now just because my opinions, my stance can be intepreted to suit anyone's bias.

I have always been a writer - mad at best, chaotic at worst.

I love growing older. I love my age. I wear it well.

I have no pain. I have no shame. I have no regrets. There's no one big enough to arouse bitterness in me.

There's room for everyone in this world - the critic and all other positions that far outshine that of the mere writer.

Occupy yours. Let me occupy mine.

And let us not think, for one minute, my voice can be made sober because it is assumed to carry some kind of grouse. It is up to you to fix your assumption.

I am always judging society and the popular culture people embrace. It didn't start today. It won't end tomorrow.

There's a place for that in the world. I have occupied it.

Writing is synonymous to bleeding. I am losing blood everytime I write.

Why would anyone think I want to bleed just to spite? Or for the sake of cheap reprisal?