# Rant1249



August 30, 2018

Hurting women, stop hurting other people. 

Go and fix your shit!

The lady with no job, living in the presidential suite at the Hotel Cala di Volpe in Italy, is not your problem.

The woman with a wardrobe full of designer clothes and accessories for her chihuahua, is not your problem.

The woman dressed in nudity, selling glow-bleaching products on Instagram, is not your fucking business. If you want to buy and peel your epidermis, go and buy. If you are not interested, fucking mind your business... OR at least, critically analyse the cons of bleaching without making your opinion so personal that your ugliness soils the message.

The lady who easily gets impressive dates and men who take care of her, is not your problem.

The pretty lady travelling all over the world with a man's credit card is not your business.

The woman who makes the best of every situation and comes out barely scathed, is not your problem.

YOU are your own damn problem.

You can actually promote your business, your life or whatever without making comparisons with someone else's choices.

You are either going to critically analyse people, situations and lifestyle OR you keep quiet.

Because whenever I read statements like...

"While some of you are getting it easy, some of us are slaving at winning."

OR

"We win quietly while some of you are making noise."

Bitch, nobody tied your tongue to a garotte. Nobody forced you to slave at a business or life.

Stop trying to validate your own life by invalidating another woman's.

This is 2018. That shit is so 1995!

If it is so easy to get someone to believe in your dreams, love you, and invest in you... why the fuck haven't you found that person nah?!

Haba! Enter market and look for the person.

As much as you want people to respect your choices, you must respect the other woman's choices too.

-Because if a man actually gave you money and love on a platter, you wouldn't say no. So when you judge other women harshly for getting full support from their men, it shows raw, green, ugly envy.

The ugliest women are jealous women. They are like scum from a sewage. Slimy, smelly, bitter, dirt shit.

I don't have a problem with angry women, especially when they have sense. It is jealousy I don't understand.

-Because no matter how green envy gets, it will never get you what you want.

Envy is the only emotion that rots the bones.

That's why y'all look ten times older than your real age. Your bones are rotten yo!

Do not keep making yourself appear as the holiest, sweetest, most decent, morally upright woman on the planet. You are not. I don't need to study psychology to know that.

You are just as horny and as needy and as fragile and seeking validation as so many people out here.

I know your thoughts. 

I know that without the encumbrances of society, you would do things that will shock and shame your own self-righteousness.

And that's ok.

But you can't do those things because you are in shackles.

You are not happy you are in shackles. You wish more women could wear shackles too. They have refused to. They are on Instagram selling kolanut mixture to make your vagina "sweet" and "draw-draw". Be happy for them 😂😂😂

Wear your shackles by yourself. Nobody is interested in joining you.

Leave other women to define their own lives.

And whilst you are making silly comparison between your morally upright life and another woman's... if you do find a good man who will take you on a whirlwind of love and support one day, tell him "No I don't want. I like to suffer."

You hear?

Or introduce him to some other woman who can put that love to good use, whilst you carry your hoe and enter farm.

Toh.