# Rant1259


September 7, 2018

So, I started watching 'The Handmaid's Tale'.... because EVERYONE thinks I should watch this series.

But... the pace is slow as fuck!

It probably has something to do with watching Power series. You can't jump from that high to some intellectual mind-game about a totalitarian society that treats women as property, with the pace of a snail in storytelling, and be fine with it.

I KNOW it is going to be a great watch. I KNOW I'm going to eventually like it. 

But right now, all I can think about is Ghost and what will happen in Season 5 Epsiode 10 of Power when it hits my laptop.

I am sorry, folks. I ain't feeling this handmaid's story just yet.
.

It's the same way I feel about MI Abaga's new album.

EVERYONE thought I'd like it, so EVERYONE sent me messages to listen to it.

My first listen was two weeks ago, I was getting ready for work...

First track... second track... third track and a load of therapy rant between tracks... and I was done!

It's depressing, for one. And I think the intellectual prepense is tedious. The intention of this art weighs on me like dense lead. It's not pretty.

The second attempt to listen to it was a week ago, when my boyfriend played the album in his car on one of our long drives away from town.

After the fourth track, I told him to change the music entirely. There is something about this album that just doesn't do anything for me.

He was shocked... as per... my girlfriend is the smartest beautiful woman in the whole wide world, she should like this.

Ooooosheeey!

Sorry, I still don't like it.

And I suspect he doesn't like it too, he just doesn't know it yet.

You want to support something so desperately because it is "different" even when it is a bore.

Plain and simple.
.

I'll come around to 'The Handmaid's Tale' eventually, but for now my energy level is too high for this dark story. I've only watched two-and-a-half episodes so far. There's hope.

I think I'll read the book instead. Margaret Atwood is brilliant. I'll rather get the story firsthand from the author.
.
.

PS: That process of fucking and getting pregnant between the Commander, his wife and the handmaid... shall we call it a threesome?

Monocratic ménage à trois? 💅💅💅