# Rant1056


January 11, 2018

This is why I stopped taking issues about blacks or women seriously. 

The latest one is H&M, right? 

Y'all are screaming your lungs out. 

OK. 

Go to H&M right now. Just take a walk to the nearest H&M... see if you won't find blacks shopping their minds and wallets out RIGHT THIS MINUTE.

That's who we are as blacks. We can't survive on our own. See our continent, ruined by our kind. It is not white herdsmen killing in Benue. The endless dead constructions in Nigeria is not run by white governors. SARS is not made of white policemen. Buhari is not white. Your boss who refuses to pay is not white (if he is Indian or Lebanese then he is basking in the corruption of the African land created by blacks. Period).

On many occasions, people have voiced out proudly that we should return most of Africa to colonial masters. Smh. 

Yet you want to be mad at the word - Monkey?

The shame of being black. The things we believe of ourselves and do to ourselves are worse than what any race can do to us.

You think the world is blind? You think they can't see how desperately poor this continent is even when we could be the richest? Like how do you have oil and good weather and natural resources and gold under your bed and you still can't find food to eat? 

The bloody shame.

You think the world can't tell what a disgrace we are to ourselves when we pass through Libya, choosing death over being African-living-in-Africa?

"Coolest monkey in the jungle" is the least of your black worries. Fix your race. Fix your establishments. Build structures. Like Jews, build your own enterprises and SUPPORT them. 

Or be quiet and let us hear word.

*

Same as (black) women.

You scream abuse. You've written all the stories that touch. Yet you discover your spokeswoman or representative of your struggle is a hypocrite living with an abuser!

What about the one who tells you to submit, yet is busy scamming the last penny out of her Nigerian-American husband and asking for a divorce. How come she couldn't submit? 
Or the one who tells you to cook your heart out and stay burned in the kitchen as a sign of your wife-material, admonishing you to give up everything to boil rice on a stove to prove you are a woman. Yet Ms. Advisor doesn't get to boil her own egg.

Who are enablers of abuse really? Is it men?

Of course not! It is your mothers! Go and do your research.
.
We are not ready for truth - blacks and women.

When you are ready, you will realise the major problem you have is YOU.

Abeg, I'm tired.