# Rant1149


April 20, 2918

It always seems like soft porn when people share personal stories of sexual abuse without putting the name of the abuser on that crime. 

They say sharing your story is a method to healing. However all of these stories of sexual assault share comparable narratives. What should validate each experience should be the important detail of naming the abuser. 

Which many victims don't wish to do, regardless of how high-up the ladder they've climbed since the incident.

Beats me.

When you name the abuser, a few things happen...

One, you ensure your experience doesn't count for its sexual value in the hands of perverts. The decision to name-and-shame ensures the incident is not yet another short story in the big book of sexual assault just for the sake of content.

Two, you save the next girl about to meet these big men or small men, as the case may be. And that is what saving a life really means.

I stopped reading rape/sexual assault posts or blogs for this reason. After a while, without providing any names, you switch from an empath to a thrill seeker.

"I am not going to name the person. I know he is reading this and his heart is cutting. He thinks I will call him. But I will not. In 1900, he raped me."

Oh the wretched suspense. Sigh.

This approach is a bit of a problem.

Victims and society protect  the abuser all the time. All the fucking time. And when we ask for names to be attached to sexual crimes, we are reminded to show empathy, or be labelled insensitive and cold-hearted.

Pff.

We give graphic details to abuse it reads like a novella.

If this is what heals the victim, well then good!

But abuse is beyond your personal victory (of overcoming the shame). Your story- if at all shared - should, at least, save other women by shaming the abuser.

If your neighbour raped you in 2008, and you have found the strenght to talk about the crime in 2018... by jove, call out his name so the lady sharing an office with him OR his new neighbour who has a crush on him will read or listen to your story and be informed to take caution.

Issues about women are always shrouded in secrecy and mystery with far-reaching damage to the gender.