# Rant1075


February 13, 2018

If you work in a company, under an incompetent Head of Department...

You should go to top management and ask that you either lead the team OR be allowed to lead yourself.

"Why?" Management would ask.

"Because the present HOD is incompetent," you would respond, and give crucial instances.

It is what I would do. As a matter of fact, I've done it many times.

I won't have a moron lead my life...especially when it concerns work. Because this is what pays my children's lifestyle, work is what sustains my sanity. It is what I fall back on when everything goes wrong. And I would NEVER have an idiot, parading itself as a manager in a company stand between me and what I know I can give. I'll go straight to the very top (or atleast a few notches higher) and risk being called an arrogant self-conceited woman.

If you finally get to speak to the top individual, two scenarios might play out:

A forward-thinking Managing Director would first appreciate your guts, because that kind of guts doesn't exist anywhere in this society.

But an archaic religious twat who manages to fall right on the top position without a clue how s/he got there may resent your confidence and misjudge it to be arrogance. And you may lose your job.

In that situation, it's best you lose it.

That's the risk. Better than living through the stench of a dead dog parading itself as head of Department.

I see that not too many people take that risk. They rot away under an incompetent manager.

Average is a terrible thing. It's better to fail and let everyone be aware that you failed, then try again.

But to be average is to breathe oxygen... and in some ways, that counts for life.

You are not alive, see? You are dead. 

So keep allowing "joint effort" ruin your exceptional talent because, as a typical Nigerian, you like peace.

***Warning: Don't try this at work unless you actually are competent and brilliant at your job. Else your fall and mockery will be great.