# Rant1147


April 19, 2018

I remember Goldie. And I remember her quite alot because of one particular incident.

I was over at her place one afternoon, I used to handle her PR at some point, we were checking out promotional materials on blogs. She came across one post on a blog. She read the piece, then with a deep sigh, decided to read the comments.

I had told her not to read comments. Not to allow something so trivial ruin her day. But she wanted to. So she did.

She only survived four comments. 

She sighed. Dropped her head on the table and cried a little.

It ruined her day.

Clearly these are trifling maggots who may not be able to gather enough savings to head down to Libya to sacrifice their souls as the best option to having a decent life. But they troll. They troll because there's not much else they can account for being alive.

I can never lose a wink of sleep over something so terribly green with envy. And I always used to tell my clients so. 

Thanks to Instagram everyone now has some level of thick skin, which is such a relief.

Welcome to this side of darkness which will give you light.

I am very certain there's nobody in this world that can make me feel bad when I CHOOSE to be happy. 

And for months now, I have decided happiness and joy are all I am about. I see the rewards. I don't cuuuur, mehn.

Of course I will be here to critique everything I have a good understand of and annoy the shit outta people... but ultimately I am unscathed, and my joy is complete.

E-wars are like video games. It's not real football you are playing, niccur. You're just messing around.
You are not really a gladiator winning wars.
This is the delusion of social media and only a few will truly use this space to build wealth or have truly rewarding relationships.
.

That said, I think we should tell our little girls about Hate.

Cinderella and love and cute pink toys and shit are lovely.

But that isn't life. At least not the full picture.

Life is hate, love, war and victories. And we need to prepare them.

I do that. I balance the conversation.

Kiddo, Love is here, so is Hate. Get used to it.

The reason we need to spell out Hate is because it has the power to diminish greatness in seconds, if you let it.

You have hundreds of praises, but the human narcissism to be accepted totally starts to question and worry about that one person (or two) who is toxic towards you.

Niccur, these people are none of your business.

When you teach Hate, you prepare your children for both sides of the world. And you give them the keys to their power to control every situation.

Because Hate is quite an interesting emotion, you see? It is duplicitous and quite deceitful.

Hate is adoration that would rather be jealous.
Hate is admiration that chooses to hide under spite.
Hate is avarice that is upset you have what it wants.

So it's tricky to take that shit seriously.

If you are nothing, then what's there to hate? 

If you are something, then what's there not to hate.

If you hate me, then there's something I have that you want. 

Do you want my hair, my business, my opportunities, my knowledge, my man or my awesomeness?

Dont lie. You want something I have. 

Sorry, you ain't getting it.
.

So revel in the fact that Hate is not necessarily what's wrong with you but what's wrong with the system.

Learn to love the Hate that comes your way. Embrace that shit and drink a glass of your favourite alcohol beverage.

It's so fucking delicious. Make it a guilty pleasure.

I won't even advise you to focus on the Love you get.

Don't focus on any of them, just focus on you - the sheen of your skin, the brightness of your eyes, the nourishment of your mind and soul...

And your weekly/monthly cheque that looks good on you.

If you want to have a good life, take this from a woman who can turn Hate upside its head and send it on errands until it sniffs and digs a finger into the anus of a camel, searching for subs.

*muaaaah*