# Rant1155


May 1, 2018

This is what happens in a society where a woman's ultimate value is tied to marriage...

In the wake of love-chef-and-a-porsche, Annie Idibia, of no apparent talent, has something to say...

"A kid can't keep a man."  

This, of course, is to her credit - how she has kept and tamed a man of many women. That is some kind of accomplishment - the wife of a music star. 

Except this premise is faulty. It has always been faulty. Always will be. The foundation of many women's self-worth and conviction - that they have the tools and the skills to keep a man, is a lie dated back to the 18th century.

We underestimate other people's willpower and sense of persuasion. Nobody has the power to restrain the impulses of another if that person does not wish to be restrained.

You, as a wife, play a very small role in the decision a man takes to live a certain way if he has not yet come to a full understanding of what he wishes for himself. 

And I hope, by jove, this is the last generation that will inherit this mad talk. 

A man or woman becomes what s/he must become by her/his own convictions. There's no pussy strong enough, no ring tight enough, no vows pure enough to bridle a man who refuses to live in his own sense of control and prudence.

You can use your power, unleash it to create the results you want. But it is entirely up to the recipient to accept or allow you have any kind of influence in his life.

But so we don't remember how much of nothing you truly are beyond marital throes, go on and flatter yourself. 
.

PS: I was burnt crisp with boredom to a point of absolute silence on this Davido/Chioma stunt... until Annie made my alopecia itch.

Mscheeeew!