# Rant1353


November 21, 2018

I knew all my mother's angst...

Because she shared it every day for 25 years.

From when I was 10 years old till I was 35 and had not one tolerable bone left in my body.

I know who hurt her when she was 15. I know how she felt about every single person in her life - living and dead.

She shared 'em all.

And in all the stories she told me, she was innocent and everybody hurt her.

Including me, of course.

.

But I know nothing of my father's angst.

He shared nothing.

I don't know how he feels about anyone. If he was hurt. Who hurt him and how it made him feel.

Nothing.
.

We talk about masculinity as if it is a problem. To possess traditional male qualities like courage, confidence, independence, yielding to truth than feelings, strength in silence etc... do not fit into "woke" expressions of gender and its fluidity in 2018. 

But truthfully, I don't know if I'd survive two parents talking endlessly about hurt, angst and trading blames.

My father never said a bad word about my mother.

I was happy he didn't think it necessary to tell me stories of how my mother hurt him or how nobody cared for him, like women would easily choose to tell, even a toddler.

I think it is cool for men to share their pain in 2018. Gender is fluid now.

But when I think about it...

My father never cried. He never blamed anyone for his mistakes. He was never vulnerable.

And I realise how lonely his life must have been.

I wish he was a writer (or been with one). I wish he was into arts.

He would have found a channel to free his soul.

But he had to run businesses and make money, maybe as a shield... because masculinity is defined by that.

I wish he found someone who'd tell him to pause for a minute...

"Come, let me write you a beautiful piece and read it to you."

Masculinity can be very lonely.

Femininity can be very annoying.

❤