# Rant1306


October 6, 2018

The primary duty of Feminism should be to address and condemn WOMEN - a gender that thrives on schadenfreude.

Instead, it is busy pointing at the speck in the eyes of MEN.

I can't be part of that charade.
.

A rape video is circulating.

It was distributed far and wide by a woman. Sold to desperate vermins by this woman.

This woman mocked the vagina of the victim. She said her pussy is too wide she has never seen pussy so wide. Or something like that.

This woman rebuked others for sharing the videos for free, insisting she is making money from it.

This woman has a title on her bio...

She says she is a FEMINIST.
.

Feminism has made success only in a bubble - intelligentsia, academicians, and lovers of literature, science and new knowledge, to a pretentious level.

It will never - not in another 200 years - make any impact on those who truly need it - the ordinary masses.

Because women, who make half the population, get their best thrill and satisfaction watching other women suffer.

When a woman wants to promote a love site, she insults another woman who has found love. Lol!!

When women get married, they insist single women are unfortunate.

When women lose weight, they insult fat women.

When women are obese, they console themselves by stating men like flesh, not bone.

When they run a business, they insult women who are housewives.

When they are housewives, they insult women who are not domesticated.

If a woman is darkskinned, she criticises toning products.

If she is light skinned, she sees dark skinned women as un-pretty.

The chief task of Feminism should be to look inwards and scrape the rot within. 

That is the only rot that needs addressing for the next 100 years.

Women are the custodians of Patriarchy. 

Left to many men, you can take over the realm of leadership if you want. God knows these achieving men need rest. (Note: Not all men are achieving. Put your average collar down! I am not talking to you).

But the problem is, women want the position of men and other positions that still endorse their need to be Cinderella.

You want that cake in your mouth, and you want it in your plate at the same time.

Let's not even talk about dating and love and the validation we want from men that is both silly and exhausting. 

We don't even like one another! I mean... Lol!!! This gender of confusion!

Your Feminism is only worth pushing when it concerns women you like.

But it is tucked in your smelly bra when it concerns women who don't like you or vice versa.

Phew!

I reject that Feminism tag over and over again.