# Rant1157


May 2, 2018

When J.Cole came to Nigeria, Nigerians showed him love. They sang along as he performed his latest album - tracks only a few weeks old.

It was not white people who shamed us for loving and singing along to J.Cole's music, it was African-Americans.

They were on Twitter yapping about trees and monkeys... and if Nigeria has any venues for music concerts. And generally being the nuisance that they are.

And here we were thinking Wakanda was some real shit that would shift our minds. Lol! The joke of the century.

Yet we are ready to blame black behaviour on slavery that happened way before Africa became the corrupt centre of the world, enriching a few black percent who willingly trade their countries for peanuts in the world market.

But yes, blame slavery. Don't take any responsibility.

Black problem is strictly endorsed, promoted, sponsored and branded by black people.

Look at what Jews have done with their tribe, with their beliefs. But the common black man will not even support his own race if he had a choice between buying a Tommy Hilfiger shirt or Chukwuemeka shirt, a Hyundai or an Innoson. 

Why? No trust.

It was one my writers who told us the story, one morning as he headed to work, as a witness to a quick transaction where one Nigerian told another Nigerian...

"If you think say I cheat you for this business. No big deal, cheat another person. Na so de business be. Na so we dey do am."

But no. Don't take responsibility. Blame slavery for the decisions and actions of 2018.

I find it hilarious when African-Americans yap about slavery. These folks are disjointed like a limb yanked off its primary body and made to grow in infertile soil.

They hate Africa. Hate Africans. Yet they can't seem to forge a path in America. So they are constantly in the air just floating around, waiting to be angered or provoked by comments of a rap star.

And then the remnants of African Woke Society are always ready to jump on that bus and remind the world that colonizers ruined us.

It is because of colonization we are yet to have proper roads. Colonizers are to blame for wealthy politicians made rich by the resources FREELY given to us by nature to prosper.

You should be sick of yourself to sit there and talk about slavery when you have an eleven year old maid nursing your three month old child.

Do we blame Lord Lugard for that?
.

"The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny." - Albert Ellis
.

Kanye West is not some top-grade Harvard graduate. He is not an orator. He is not going to impress you like Obama. You can see that he struggles with his ability to express himself. His vowels eat their own flesh. Left to him he'd rather rap it on a track. 

But he is a man with a soul burning with questions. And I believe he has more love for his race than any African leader or participant. Look at your best educated hustlers in Nigeria dancing around the politics of the day.

But yea, make a fuss about Kanye for insisting that a trade of 400 years would have the permission to exist and flourish beyond the request of white traders... because unless you are trading sheep, you must question why it lasted for so long. So profitable is this business of slavery that, in 2018, the spill over doesn't require white participation. Blacks have owned fully the narratives... like I believe they always have.

Everyone wants the conversation softened and cushioned for the sake of the dead, perhaps? 

Worry about the living. Worry about your children.

Hopefully you don't draw your twelve year old near and talk this mess about slavery being responsible for poor black societies like yours.

Own this shit. Own it. Slavery would never have lasted so long if black people didn't profit from the system. Like corruption. Like Nigeria. Like years of bad leadership.