# Rant1126


March 30, 2018

Social media is not the place or platform that helps you fix your life.

It's pure entertainment in its basest, most rachet form. Its hypocrtical moralism doesn't just suffocate, it's side-splitting.

If you do not have your feet on the ground and know what you are about in this soot clouded country, you will find yourself at the bottom of the earth eating the slimy duplicitous bullcrap of e-people.

For instance, there are posts on a chick having a child for a married man. Every woman, in a 200+ comment section, will condemn the act of dating a married man.

The first thing they yap about is protection.

Ok.

Jaguda facts, however, show that almost 50% of marriages happen only when the girlfriend gets pregnant. Some cultures in Nigeria acknowledge pregnancy as an effective means to determine if a wedding will take place. 

Your religious homes have been bending to this fact. It is why there are many pregnant brides walking down the aisle these days. I'm sure you have a sister or an aunty who did just that. But lets keep it100% pretentious on social media, shall we? For the sake of woke culture.
.

90% of women on any thread yapping a mess about protection are currently not having safe sex. Coitus interruptus is as popular as football in Nigeria.

Goal!

When you think of the many never-been-married single mothers in Nigeria with data and social media platforms, you wonder how they give birth to children. Did sperm slip in through a toilet whilst giving a shit? But they are here condemning the life they live or the life they are very aware exist not so far away from their judgments - in families and in friendships.

Sometimes I wonder how you people breathe. This kind of hypocrisy can cause cancer.

Your favourite celebs, the people you cheer on had unprotected sex. It is why the babies come six months after the big wedding.

I think there's a silent rule that suggests we only condemn poor people who are too loud.

If it's a rich unprotected sexual experience with a diamond necklace reward at the end of cum...and a little bit of failing on the side of the pill, these things are handled quite discreetly and the fucking continues.

But poor people gather their wrath like torn wrapper to the obioma tailor where he opens it, and the analysis of the damage to the wrapper is so loud on the street for every fucking commoner to have an opinion about.

It is why your ambition in life should be to stay above the noise, the chatter, the hypocritical judgments, and stinking poverty.

Trending topics online are similar to the bickering of neighbours in dilapidated face-me-I-face-you.

Carry on with your brand of sin, but with some class.

Trust me, that's all you need to do. You don't need to change anything else about yourself. Just make sure your issues are cushioned with luxury. Everything looks dirty when its rolling in poor mud.

Dangote's daughter might just be pregnant at the moment. That's unprotected sex. But what does it matter? She got married to the unprotecter of the sex.
.

The second thing they yap about is dating married men.

Ok.

Jaguda facts, however, show that almost 40% of single girls (mostly in tertiary institutions) are dating married men. And these numbers are the same ones who constitute a nuisance on a thread, pretending to condemn the act.

Then there are the single men who are constantly bitter about this too. Because the single girls they should be dating choose to be with someone else religion and moral claim is unavailable.

Remember many Nigerian traditions do not prohibit polygamy. As a matter of fact it is a thing worthy of gallant celebration.

Half the family structure in Nigeria is polygamous. But you are here on social media running a parallel Nigeria - pseudo woke people for the e-culture.

So unprotected sex and dating the married man - the two issues at stake at this moment of our e-lives, are non-issues.

The married man issue is the most annoying sef. It shows a level of hypocrisy I'm not even interested in wasting my time analyzing.

I mean, really women! Your noses are growing longer - not just for your sake but for the sake of your aunties and mothers! Eish.

Are you also aware that STDs are commonly acquired through oral sex? So the penis wears a condom for the vagina... do you wear a condom for fellatio and cunnilingus.

Sigh.

I can't be suffering tanker obstruction, soot in my oxygen, traffic, poor electricity and underdevelopment in my country... Yet come online to suffer inane debates in the hands of Nigerians arguing senselessly about sex and married men.

The only thing wrong here is the fact that an adult woman got pregnant without the common sense of analyzing her financial status as a mother before taking the decision to keep the pregnancy.

Pro-abortion is a bloody effective means of curbing and controlling over-population. Especially in Nigeria, we cannot bear to have more babies. Where are the facilities to cater to new borns. Didn't Bill Gates warn the world about our disastrous maternal mortality rate?

Have sex with whomever you want and then go and build a bridge from Ajah to Badagry, please. I don't care about your sexual life, just give value to the world.

Angelina Jolie, hello!

In a country where a governor stops commercial activities just to launch a bus terminal with zero modern technological devices... it is easy to see how deserving we are of our leaders with the insincere conversations we have on here every day.

Next, abeg!