# Rant1325


October 24, 2018

Today, I met with the Ophthalmologist.

He says I am glaucoma free.

I sat there and nodded, "Ok."

The optician was there too, and she was full of smiles.

You see,  'Ok' is what you say when an optician tells you (that) you are free of glaucoma...

But when a consultant (an ophthalmologist) tells you that you are free of an eye disease as damaging as glaucoma, your reaction should be more.

As a Nigerian, you should scream, run to church and give all the glory to the god of your pastor.

Except I have no pastor.

I don't go to any church.

Oh shit! I criticized Hallelujah Challenge last year.

YET, I have it all...

Even the miracle of being glaucoma free.

The cosmic sure has a good sense of humour. And I'm here for all the rib-cracking laughs.
.

I've been using eyedrops for five years. 

Every day and night for five years.

The ophthalmologist says I don't need drops anymore.

"Kindly come for check up in two months time..." he adds.

Just like that. I stop using drops?

"My paternal grandfather was blind at 40. My father was tripping over furniture at 70. My uncle was half-blind for as long as I can remember..." I said...
"This history of glaucoma should be considered whilst making this decision of keeping me away from my drops," I added.

Silence. 

Optician holds her breath. Ophthalmologists nods.

"I will give you something to nourish the health of your eyes," the ophthalmologist said.

"Give me two of it," I said.
.
.
When I went to the cashier to pay, the optician came to me bubbling with excitment.

"You are glaucoma free! Some people would be screaming all over the place!"

I am not "some people". My silence doesn't mean I am ungrateful.

My silence is right at the vertex of gratitude.

I am so grateful to science, to medicine, to opticians and ophthalmologists, to the cosmic... to God.

All I do in these moments of gratitude is appreciate the sound of silence.

#grateful