# Rant1115


March 20, 2018

Instagram makes everyone a celebrity like no other platform can possibly achieve.

The obvious narcissism of average celebrity doesn’t allow much time or interest in discovering new ideas except it looks good on you – new lip gloss, new dresses, new shoes, new weaves, new houses, new cars… nothing that would require you shedding your skin to put on a cloak of something more profound than self. Say, a conversation on the world's last male white Rhino?

*crickets*

Instagram hardly cares for cerebral. The biggest stars on that platform have lips made broader by filter app, yapping about the most mundane crap that shocks me every time I listen – not for its lack of content (which is apparent), but for the number of people actually loving this mess.

It’s a universe with no oxygen for me. But I’m the only one not breathing, as I can see everyone is alive and well over there. And pretty too.

There’s not one ugly person on Instagram. Not one crucial conversation either.

So you scroll through your timeline and everyone is pretty tired, or pretty successful, pretty-heading-to-a-meeting, pretty-thanking-god-for-life, pretty married, pretty-praying-for-twins, pretty-out-with-new-deal, pretty-hanging-out-with-friends, pretty-having-coffee, pretty-waiting-on-jesus-for-what-is-promised.

Instagram is equivalent to moving from your posh bedroom, to your stylish wardrobe, to your grand car… to a restaurant to have a day-out with your friends, talking about the nail polish you couldn’t find in Nigeria, so you must hop on the next flight to Europe to get that damn polish.

It’s really about pretty pictures and some really tired conversations on nothing substantial. And there are people rooting for you mindlessly to continue being pointless or echoing their truest clichés.

Do you see how the likes grow? Put your face close to a wall with just a love emoji, and you get 9,000 likes in thirty seconds. WTF! 😂

It's Kardashian-esque lifestyle that is dizzying and clearly useless. I lose brain cells just looking at all those flawless beauties – from beard gangs to stainless women.

Please tell me why I am the only one that cannot see the usefulness of this. Is it because I am broke? I'm a hater, aren’t I?

Shoot.

Away from the pretty world of Instagram, Facebook is facing an ugly data scandal. Their shares fell 6.77% yesterday. The company has lost over $37billion in value over this data-use scandal. It is selling personal data, compromising its integrity. It’s a mess. I am not rooting for Zuckerberg, that algorithm dictator. He’ll be fine. He has WhatsApp and little-cutey Instagram to console himself if Facebook goes the way of myspace and other faded glories.

But we will not be alright – mortals, like us, who love ranting and do not ever need to be judged by fashion and contour before our opinions are respected. 

If Facebook dies, then I’ll have to finally meet with a therapist.

These rants will not die inside of me.

Ehen.

*PS: This was breakfast this morning. Is it Instagram-worthy?