# Rant1085


February 22, 2018

Every other bad day, Alakija comes out with one tip to success or the other.

Hear her today:

"Today, I have no university degree, but God’s glory lifted me up and I have received numerous Honorary Doctorate Degrees at home and abroad.

"All of what you now see today has taken almost two and a half decades, so I am not an overnight success. On the contrary. Through God’s grace, I am a blood bought totally forgiven, absolutely redeemed, heaven bound child of God.

"I have had to make sacrifices like everyone else, faced challenges but never given up.

"I have not compromised myself, my values or my faith"
*

Nigerians hear this and start to jump. They are excited. The richest woman in Wakanda, sorry, Africa has said it again. 
"Oh wow! Mama, thank you. I have learnt so much from these few nuggets of yours."
"Wow! What a life changing interview she just gave. God continue to bless her."
.

Tell me, if you are not insane, what is it that this billionaire, made mainly rich by oil money, shared that was ever beyond whimsical, fictional, clothed in religious, cultural hogwash?! What has she shared that you and your the conductors you see everyday don't already know? And if you know it and apply it and it hasn't changed your life, it only means it is not exactly the formulae to becoming a billionaire.

But when Paddy Adenuga writes probably one of the most insightful pieces any Rich in Nigeria would bother to share with the masses of average and poor, you attack him. 

Because what you really want to hear is him telling the rest of us to be grateful to God, to serve Jehovah, to pray and be virtuous - just like aunty Alakija and all other successful Nigerians yap all the time. That's what you want to hear.

That's what successful bloggers tell you. That's what billionaire oil-wellers tell you. That's what successful, err, realtors building...err... The biggest yada-yada in Africa tell you.

But Paddy shared truths that were real, applicable, different; he shared a story that addresses a hunger for success, but you were all offended by this. And the rest of you who couldn't be bothered with offence, nitpicked his prepositions and sentences with Brighter Grammar.

You people deserve your poverty walahi. 

It is Alakija and co that should offend you. Not Paddy. The woman is constantly offensive. She manages to continue to tell you to upgrade your prayers and your god-worship to prosper... and you see, that is a problem. It puts God in a position to be responsible for your own bad or good choices. It paints God as One high on favouritism. All lies.

You don't need to pray longer than you already do to be rich.

Now you ask: what then should we do?

Go and read Paddy Adenuga's article again. This time, without your fucking Nigerian grudge and bitterness tucked inside your bra or boxers. Read with an open mind. Let "familiarity" not make you a fool.

Your answer to your next-level success is somewhere right there.

Good morning.