# Rant1214


July 18, 2018

The only difference between Trevor Noah and your Nigerian comedian is...

Books.

I know it sounds trite, but that is all it is.

Books.

People who read are like the dawn of a new day. A breath of fresh air. Nutrients to the soul. They are oxygen in our lungs. The rhythm to our feet. The oomph in our strides. The flavour in our soup. Milk in our tea.

You can feign many things... but you cannot feign knowledge.

You cannot pretend to be smart.

It's in your eyes. Before you open your mouth... it's there in your eyes. Your stupidity circling around your pupils... when we look at you we know what you are before you find the words to describe what you are not.

You can pretend to be rich. I mean, Nigerians have perfected the art of the Urban Poor...

You can take pictures beside a Mercedes and claim it is yours. You can borrow some money and wipe your butt on IG. You can use your filter app to wipe off poverty from the side of your face. You can fake wealth... but you cannot fake brainpower.

You cannot pretend to be a reader. All we need is the first sentence you write, and we know.

If you know, you know.

You can hold a book and not read it. Subscribe to kindle and not read it. You can actually read it and still not have comprehension. Phew.

You can't lie your way to grey matter.

It is one fraud you can not get away with. Knowledge is a terrible snob and it hates deception. It will whip you like a common thief and expose you for everyone to see.

It is like Jesus Christ, and the promise to deny dishonest Christians. 

So your favourite comedian reels out terrible jokes, poorly researched, manages to show off his Rolex while at it as he screams out retarded jokes, hoping his screeching sound will hide his lack of knowledge of everything he is yapping about.

But you see Trevor - calm, composed, the rigours of proper research bare for all to see when he speaks, the niceties of wit and humour as clear as water, as intoxicating as wine.

You can't fake that. You can't even script that.

Pair the best scriptwriter with a person who wouldn't smell the pages of a book... and he will destroy the finest content.

That is all Trevor Noah has that your MCM and WCW have failed to possess - the desire to know, the joy of reading.

Because, you see, it is cute to act like you know...

But we are here to tell you... you don't know shit.
.

It says a lot about us when we cannot boast of any show that can compete anywhere near the leftovers of Trevor's Daily Show.

He put his feet into really big shoes and in no time, he was able to walk around comfortably.

Why?

A reader is a reader is a reader is a fucking reader. 
.
PS: We love you, Trevor!