# Rant1074


February 10, 2018

For a gender that holds the power to decide the seed that can become a living being… it is interesting how women love living beneath the strength nature has bestowed on them.

For decades, centuries even, women are wrapped around silly discussions about… “how to love a man”, “how to cook with N500”, “how to be a good woman to find love”, “how to be submissive” and so on.

We have groups that constantly undermine the strength of the woman by providing platforms that substantiate her victimhood. You are told not to even judge the most idiotic stories of women - stories that clearly lack commonsense; stories that exposes her stupidity.

It’s almost like saying she is allowed to be stupid because she is a woman. She is allowed to be a moron because she has a vagina.

The world is evolving too fast for us to still be telling women to make smarter choices. Do not bestow another human being the badge of honour and decency… bestow yourself with all of that and MAKE SMARTER CHOICES.

We've been yapping about consent for yonks. The world is slow in addressing it, because the world likes to fuck. You too like to fuck. What do you do? Don't plant yourself in the scene if you will not play the character.

When are we going to overcome that itch to tell stories with many holes in it that would require to be filled with good ol’ plain sense? 

I really hope I do not have to groom girls who’d spend their whole lives trying to decode “why are men like this”?

Fuck what men are. I sincerely don’t care. The question should be: Woman, who are you?

Will you make smarter choices? Will you take your head out of those pedestrian conversations and do better with the power you are given by nature, by God? Can you just stop being a victim? Can you? Can you acquaint yourself with the strength of your being as a woman and use that power wisely and to your benefit? 

Or are you going to keep making bad choices and teaching the next generation how cool it is to be stupid, and yet wrong for the world to judge you?

We are feeding the rights for girls and women to be naïve, clueless and plain imbecilic. And we tell them it is ok, it is the man’s fault.

I am so tired of that narrative. So tired.

We have heard it many times – if you go to his house and wear his shirt and suck his dick and push a nipple into his mouth, there’s every possibility that sex will happen, even without your consent. 

It doesn’t make it right. But it doesn’t make you smart.

So as a SMART woman that you should be, aware that this earth is not Nirvana, you should look out for yourself more. Stop playing.

It also speaks of hashtags that continue to enjoy the privileges of women being victims. I’m tired
. 
I do not make the “victim story” women love to share hold any weight in my household. I focus more on the power of our gender.

I think it is really up to women to change this world. And i don't say that to put any responsibility on a gender that just wants to lie down, but as a solution to the confusion of what it means to be female.

As lovers, we can decide not to bring to this earth any offspring with a man who thinks with the tickling sensation from under his foot.

As mothers, we can decide to train the boy child to be more responsible and the girl child to stop acting like a kitten.

As women, we can decide what our narrative should be.

Lord knows my daughters will grow up to despise any group of women who come together to validate the mental, sexual, physical, financial suffering of their gender. The backwardness of that mess.

You are not a victim. More than 50% of the time, you can make better choices with the man, the friends, the acquaintances you choose in your life. Learn quickly from your mistakes. Preserve your beauty. Upgrade your knowledge. Buff your intellect. 

Slay.

And attend less pity parties.