# Rant1146


April 19, 2018

The most ridiculous, nay hilarious, argument about Cee-C's manic behaviour is this shit about not being "wife material".

Nigerians, is it possible that you can present an argument about a woman without dragging it down marital hopes and dreams? Surely you can employ your brain to do more for the sake of your own cerebral health. Because this constant argument about women that always ends up at the door of matrimony and the hope of finding a man in future is not only sickening but sensationally dumb.

We don't denounce Cee-C's diabolic behaviour because we wish that she'd eventually find a husband. 

No. Yuck. Who cares if she does or doesn't? Nobody should ever change because they need to be prepped for marriage.

We criticise her actions because her actions are wrong, uncivilized and repulsive.

If at all she wishes to be a better human being, then the argument should focus on how that benefits her and the society she interacts with daily, not for the sake of a man.

"Who will marry this one?" is a stupid retort, and clearly too pedestrian an argument to make you any smarter than a jellyfish.

Cee-C needs to have an honest conversation with herself so SHE can live a wholesome life and cause people around her less angst or trauma. Period.

Not for the plebeian pursuit of finding a spouse.

Vile women get married everyday. So stop with this talk about marriage as the benchmark for good/bad behaviour. 

It's nauseating.

Nobody should change because of the need to be found worthy of something as common as a marriage.

What a marriage needs is two WILLING individuals - nothing more. It is not an institution that weighs how smart, charming, resourceful, intelligent or beautiful you are. It only requires two persons who have reasons to want to be together for as long as they desire.  

We also must accept that people don't change easily. She's not going to be a better individual the moment she steps out of the house and finds the furore (or excitement) waiting for her out here. It'll take an entire decade or more to make a shift. Shift, I say, not change.

If it were easy then we all would be shiny new creatures every morning. 

But as you will admit, you woke up with the same angst and bitterness stuck in your throat.

Change is a myth to a large extent. People don't change. People adjust to meet certain needs.

Age is fraud. As long as you are 21, a large part of your personality is already formed. If you are a sloppy individual, you are not going to wake up at 35 and be this amazing go-getter.

It is why I always suggest that age shouldn't be a measurement for discussions, especially as regards to life goals and objectives.

You shouldn't tell a 21 year old that s/he has time to faff around. So faff around and when you are done you will build an empire at 38.

Nah.

You are going to have to start building that empire right now. As a matter of fact, in this new age, you must start as early as 13 if your life comes with familial fortune.

More pathetic is when the individual in question uses age as a reason for living a certain way.

"I'm still young. I have time."

You don't have anything, least of all time. Age is vapour. Sit back and watch it disappear.

This also applies to parts of us we need to change.

Look at your angry uncles or disgruntled aunts, for instance...

Have they really changed after all these years?

Change is as difficult as living healthy or losing weight. The hardwork of exercise, healthy diet and committing to a type of lifestyle, only a few people actually achieve... Others grab a burger on their way out of the gym.

Ok. I touched on many things, but you get my drift.