# Rant1307


October 6, 2018

I think the proudest people in the world (especially third world), are beggars. 

You must have an over-bloated sense of self and high opinion of self to think that someone else owes you something.

You stand there, hands clasped, speaking in high or low tones, telling us of your poverty and how WE are supposed to help YOU feed a hungry stomach.

Why?

You have your arms and legs and head intact... but you insist that what others have belongs to you. What others worked for belongs to you. And the opportunities they explore should also reward you.

Why?

Whenever I am in traffic, I marvel at beggars.

It takes a lot of pride to stand there, blame "luck" for not blessing you, and demand from others.

A woman holding on to twin toddlers, hitting on your window, begging.

Such arrogance!

If she had any humility, she would be in the market selling ugu and feeding her children from her own sweat.

But no! They demand that the rest of us who get no sleep toiling at a job owe them something.

Men with body parts intact, begging for "food to chop".

Such high-handedness. Such pomposity.

Do they even care if you have found something to eat? YOU who humbled yourself to get a job, do they care if you have a headache or if you have anything left to feed yourself after spreading your income in many different departments of your life begging for cash?

They don't care. All they care about is their own stomach.

Bloody narcissist.
.

The best celebrity interview I heard was a long time ago by Omawumi.

She stated very clearly...

"If music doesn't work, I will get a corporate job. If corporate job doesn't work, I will sell tomatoes in the open market."

That was at the peak of her career. 

That is the kind of humility I recognize.

Begging is not a humble gesture. 

How did we get to a point where we see beggars to be humble?

You think it is beneath a human being to beg? These third-world human beings and entitled first-world human beings... you think they beg out of humility?

These ones who remind you of God's blessings on your life and insist you must share the evidence of this blessing with them.

Beggars offer you nothing, but they want something from you.

It is the worst kind of pride.
.

Humility is a quality that allows you to do whatever it takes to cover your dignity.

Begging is undignified.

If you want something from someone, offer them something in return.

It could be your talent, it could be a service.

Beggars assume they are the only ones in need. Lol! If that isn't pride, I don't know what else is.

You are not the only one in need. Everyone has needs.

Everyone.
.

I worked with someone many years back. When I left her company she was bitter, so bitter she did an interview about it in tabloids back then.

But a few years later, when I realised the person who filled my position had left, I went to her and told her I would work for her for FREE - that is, write, build content and edit - until she finds someone for the position.

But she was still bitter. So I dusted my shoes and left.

I didn't want anything in return. And I wasn't doing it to show remorse for leaving. I fucking wanted to leave. I was happy I left because I got an offer to work with someone I had always admired.

It is ok to leave Etisalat for MTN. Nobody should be made to feel bad for that. You know? Just throwing in a similar example.

I have worked with people and their privileged children. I look beyond their insecurities of titles and position and I DO MY JOB.

I have had older bosses and younger bosses. I  respected them all without discrimination, and I DO MY JOB.

As long as you are smart and you recognise new knowledge... be a 12 year old, I don't care, I will work with/for you.

I am longing to go back to school. I am always excited about learning. I am a sucker for knowledge.

Yet people like me are made to believe we are proud.

And people who beat their chest and claim to be poor, requesting that the rest of humanity does something for them - provide their basic needs for them... are seen as humble.

You think because people request for handouts they are humble?

Wait! Have you ever seen "poor people" fight? It is the nastiest thing in the world to witness! Have you seen beggars fight? Oh dear! There's nothing humble about it.

Knowledge is the only humility there is. And beggars have no knowledge. That's why they are poor. Poverty is not humility.

Ignorance and olodo-ism are undiluted pride.

Ignorance says, "I don't know. I don't want to know. It is too much mental task to know. Just give me something. Gimme gimme gimme gimme."

Knowledge says, "Can I learn? Can I know more? Can I give as much as I get? Can I prove myself? I want to be part of building a better society."

And God says, "Those who have something (knowledge), more will be given, and those who have nothing, even the little they have will be taken from them."

Selah.