# Rant1317



October 15, 2018

I got the flu. 

It's autumn. The leaves turn yellow, red and brown... then they fall.

London weather is not smiling. Sometimes the sun comes out, sometimes it rains, sometimes it's very cold.

My boyfriend hurried back to London to see how I was doing. He got me some lozenges for sore throat, and a pack of tea-like lemon sips for cold and headache. 

For whatever reason, I spent the whole of yesterday telling him about my father.

I don't talk very much about my dad. But he was all I wanted to talk about yesterday.

He is a rockstar. And I like him.
.

My dad had a big house on the sea. It wasn't just at the bank of the sea. The side of the building kissed the waters.

As little children, we would run to the penthouse, where he built his library, to watch white people race in the ocean. It was magnificent.

We were never allowed near the ocean. But we marvelled at everything we saw when we looked out the window. All types of fish! We saw the octopus too. We saw leaves travel on water. We saw the beauty of sea life.

And we also saw the neighbouring Ilaje fishermen who dug and carried sand in and out of wooden boats.

We looked around us, and we saw that we were comfortable, different. We looked out the window and we saw shanties.

But it was the 80s, and we were safe.

We had no gateman - at least not for long. The gate guarded itself. Life was better in the 80s.

Dad used to shoot into the air, towards the ocean, every once in a while, and twice in December.

That big house had a bakery on the right hand corner of the ground floor. And on the left hand corner was a brothel 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

The rest of the ground floor had rooms for wandering relatives who claimed to be passing by and needed shelter for a week or two.

The first floor was a bar/club.

The second floor was our home. It was so big, he constructed new rooms every other month, however he liked.

The third floor was his library and an awesome view.

We had stairs from the third floor down to the garage where we were driven to school without ever coming in contact with all the other activities.

One time, I strayed and went through another stairs, there I met a customer of the bar who probably thought I was an ordinary kid... he gave me money to send to the brothel.

I didn't know what a brothel was... I only knew girls lived downstairs and "you have no business with them".

Yup. I've been minding my business since I was five!

So I went to the brothel and knocked on the "third door by your left".

The lady opened and gasped.

"Hello," I said, "A man at the bar said i should give you this."

"Hey God! Na Oga pikin!"

Three other women peeked out the door.

"Aww! Fine girl!" They cooed. I rolled my eyes.

A few more doors opened and they peeked to see "Oga's pikin" close up.

"Thank you," she said and took her money.

"Dey go. Dey go. Don't come this side again. Shebi you get your own staircase. Your papa go kill us if e see you here!"
.

My father smoked cigars. Fat, brown, and luxurious. I loved to inhale the smoke.

When he opened a bottle of beer, and I was around his space, he always made me take a sip.

His club hosted Fela at some point. I remember clearly he held shows a few times there.

Daddy built another bar at Apapa.

He took us round almost completed structures in Ajangbadi where he said we would finally move to.

He built a Plaza with over 60 shops at Ojo. The plaza had a massive storehouse for big companies to rent. And he never failed to build his own special penthouse atop every building where he could spend the night if he wanted.

My father changed cars every year. At every given time he had three brand new cars.

Crime was barely an issue. We were never robbed or harassed. 

Kidnapping? What is that? Nobody knew.

One time one local stole from him, daddy's men beat the shit outta him and threw his body and his blood on the streets for his relatives to pick up.

The relatives were grateful he didn't take the thief to the police station. All ended in praise. Lol!

Nobody tried to steal from him again. Except his younger brother who planned a mob attack for my father's secured safe. 

Oh! I forgot to mention he had a hotel in Olodi Apapa in the 80s. The bus stop to the hotel was his alias.

Police arrested his brother, locked him and beat the shit out of him and his goons.

Daddy sacked brother. Extended family was angry with daddy. Daddy gave them the middle finger.

I was his favourite child. I am not the first, I am not the last, I am somewhere in the middle.

Some died. Some lived. Life goes on.

He was the only one who visited me in boarding school. He took me to school, smoking his cigars and blasting Fela.

He didn't have a driver. He didn't have the patience to watch someone else drive his destiny. He was in charge. He took the wheel.

One time he visited me in school with my mum, she was yapping about "Too much provision! You want to spoil my daughter."

I pulled him aside and whispered, "Don't bring her here again".

He laughed and laughed and laughed.
.

My father was a rockstar!

At some point, whilst sharing the story with my boyfriend yesterday, I wiped tears from my eyes.

Dad made some bad decisions, yes. He wasn't perfect.

But truthfully, these things happened because he was surrounded by lazy, entitled as fuck relatives. He was the only one everyone relied on for everything.

He wasn't a good husband. He wasn't a good father to many of the kids.

But he was good to me.

At a point in the drama of his life... I realised the only thing I would ever own from him would be the experience of being his child. And I resolved in my heart that it would be enough.

My dad was a great man in his time. He lived the life he wanted. And I respect him for that. 

There were too many people and their dogs trying to take from him. Too many lies. Too many sucking-up-to. Too many people ready to kill just to have a chunk of his wealth and property.

Six years ago, I decided to sever the relationship. The wolves wouldn't let me live if I continued being his favourite child. I sensed it.

I let my dad go. I didn't visit. I wanted out of that family. I didn't want to be be part of a system so toxic.

I didn't want anything from him. I only wanted to see him sometimes, you know. But that seemed impossible. Wolves everywhere.

Relatives conniving. Alliances built. 

Trying to take what they didn't build. 

So many times my mother said to me, "Go and see your father."

"I can't."

My spirit had left my paternal family and all they represented.

What are they hustling for? Money, properties, investments. Things that didn't belong to them.

Ask them in 2018, "where are the things you killed for?"

All gone.
.

So when my half-sister said we should go fight for what was ours.

"Nothing is ours," I said. "It is our father's. All of it." 

I wasn't going to fight my stepmother or wretched uncles over their crime. I trust that Life would do that in its time.

Life will fuck them up. It always does. 

Everyone wanted my father to be a rich man, a kind man, a good husband, a great father, a smart businessman and a coordinated human being all at once.

Well he couldn't be everything. How come the people around him didn't become what he didn't have the potential to be?

How come all they wanted to do was take from him?

The way I turn my back on Nigeria knowing that neither PDP nor APC nor Inspirational Speaker nor Not-too-young-to-run will save us, is the way I turned my back on my paternal family.

The rot is too deep.

I have my children to consider.

I have my own life's experiences to make.

My dad lived his life. Made so much money. I am proud of him.

I hope he is proud of me too - that I don't care for the things he cared for.
.
.
.
My father was a fucking rockstar and I love him.

❤❤❤