# Rant1347


November 16, 2018

People who voted for Efe to win the money in BBNaija are the same people trying to "bring him down" (whatever that means).

- Because humility is insatiable.

The kind of humility Nigerians insist one must have is that humility that will not stop until it finds you in the gutter grovelling out of pity.

Efe won the money, and in some ways, Nigerians feel he is indebted to them to give good music, act accordingly, and generally be a nice person without any right to a bad mood.

But Efe came out of the house and is trying to live his life, which doesn't include all the above traits.

And Nigerians are offended.

As if the man owes them something.

Did you vote him to win the money thinking he could sing? Was it a singing competition?

Why is the man not allowed to live his life where he can decide to ignore a fan at the airport or not be in a good mood for a random selfie with a fan at a mall?

It is the insistence of humility at work.

So Efe plays a prank, claiming all the money is gone... and Nigerians are nodding, justified that he is broke because, in some ways, he lost his golden humility... and his new pride has eaten him up.

Lol! This society, ehn?

It is not pride that ate him up... it is  schadenfreude that deludes Nigerians to believe what they believe.

It's the same thing Nigerians did to Miracle...

But Miracle wasn't having it.

I mean, these silly average Nigerians wanted to force a man to date a woman (Nina) out of the BBNaija house just so their "love story" can meet their perceived chimera of affection and humble-ness.

Lmao!!! 

Nigerians were offended that a grown man decided to move on from a relationship... amongst other accusations leveled against him. They were disappointed he wasn't as humble as they imagined him to be.

Miracle threw the baby and the bathwater. He wasn't going to be another scapegoat in the hands of Nigerians. He learnt from the Efe charade.

What does it say of a people who always fall out of love when their favourite local reality stars exit a box (television) and join the bigger world?

It shows a desperate need for Nigerians to control others in a way that allows the shedding of their dignity until there's only bones left.

It is the same reason you must leave a relationship/marriage after the first slap. Because your subservience, in the face of violence and disrespect, will only trigger and excite more violence.

People never learn.

Nigerian Humility is insatiable.

If it asks you to bend a knee today. Tomorrow it will ask you to prostrate. The day after, it will demand you kiss the ground... then lick the ground... take off your shirt... roll in the mud... strip to your underwear...eat mud...stay there until you are asked to get up.

That's how Nigerians demand humility.

That is why discussions on marriage and/or potential spouses continue to deteriorate - from three eggs, to no goatmeat in a plate of soup, to N50k salary.

Remember how that salary degenerated? Two years ago, the argument was N200k salary to get married... today, it is N50k salary and a bride.

That is what humility demands in this shithole.

You continue to have the most idiotic, basest conversation on something as pedestrian as marriage, while the rest of the world progresses.

We don't care for people's talent or qualities... we just want them to be humble.

Humility is not kindness or politeness. Don't get it twisted.

I don't have to be humble to be professional. I don't have to be humble to have integrity.

As a matter of fact, the humbler you are, the less integrity is demanded of you in Nigeria.

So you are humble, but you are a fucking thief, a low life without creative ideas to move anything forward, you stink, you cheat, you are malicious, envious, bitter...

But you are humble.

Smh! Lol!
.

One Nigerian wife is a regular visitor at one of the teaching hospitals. Her husband beats her and drops her at the hospital gate every week.

As a humble Nigerian woman, she has accepted the tenancy at the hospital. 

God forbid she becomes arrogant and actually do something about her situation.

She will join the statistics very soon. And the obituary will remind us that she was a "very humble Christian mother and wife".

Lol!

Humility Gang of Nigeria... stay the fuck away from me and my kids forever.

I am an arrogant, self-adulating goddess.