# Rant1337


November 5, 2018

I did say I’d take time to adress some of the questions from my inbox.

Forgive me, I haven’t read anything that caught my interest.

However, I got this last week, and thought to address it:

 “Hello, Joy. I don’t mean to intrude but I need your help. I have had too many bad relationships and dates in my life! And I look at you and I wish I can have the kind of ease you enjoy with your relationships and dates. Men seem to like you a lot and they want to love you and shower you with beautiful things! How do you do it? How do you make them long for you like this? Please help a woman who wants to experience love.”
.

I don’t understand what this means though: “How do you make them long for you like this?” LMAO!
.

Ok. Here’s my take:

I know the kind of men who are attracted to a woman like me.

I don’t waste time with any other type.

Life is short.

The beautiful thing is, I am also attracted to the kind of men who are attracted to me. This makes my life easy.

I like ambitious men. Whew!

I like men who are expressive, emotional, who can easily shed a tear one minute and grab the world the next. I like men who wear their imperfections well. I like men who are unapologetic about succeeding. I like men who don’t make excuses. I like busy men who make out time to be with me.

I don’t date judgmental men. I don’t date patriarchal dogs. I don’t date male feminists – those ones who tell you to split bill with the retarded footnote: “are we not equal?”

I don’t have time to be splitting lunch/dinner money. So I don’t date men who think my virtue rests on splitting lunch bill.

I can’t be doing that mess in 2018.

It’s not the act of splitting the bill that is the problem, it is the unnecessary fanfare attached to it. It’s just a meal… pay, nigga!

I date MEN. Men who wear their identities well.
.

Let me cut to the chase… I am attracted to men who have similar qualities as my father.

Yup.

“How?” you may ask, “After all, you said he wasn’t a good husband.”

Yes, he wasn’t...

Because he wasn’t meant to be a husband.

Ok. That is an assumption, but I am his daughter and I think I can make that argument.

If he was allowed to flourish in the realm of lover, supporter, giver, friend… he may have thrived. But you see, he too had to fit into the glove of matrimony… and maybe he struggled to meet the expectations of “husband”… instead of just being a fantastic lover and friend.

I don’t know. I don’t know.

I think I am making excuses for him. I don’t know.

But when I see traces of him in a man, I fall.

There’s something about a man who has no time, yet has all the time to be with you and love you… and want you… and yet be in control of his world.

I don’t have time for “potential” men. They literally badger their women into believing in the possibility of a breakthrough in their lives. I don’t have to believe in what I cannot see or feel. It is up to you to make it come true. Do something at least, even if it fails there’ll be something to develop. You move from potential to failing at something to tweaking that something to succeed.

But to sit on “potential” like a throne for years, and keep telling women to believe in you is nauseating.

I was sitting at the airport last month, waiting for my flight and a man was on the phone yapping about a woman who “missed out on his success” now that he is flying to the abroad. And he went on and on and on about how the lady missed out. It was tiring.

Travel is basic. You can’t be using that as a tool to pepper an (ex)-lover. Da fuck!

And just looking at him with that excitement on his face, I could tell he was going to clean tables at a café in Bronx.

Relax, dude.
.

Here is what I think: Many women will settle for anything, that is why they date anything.

Me? If you don’t come in a kind of cerebral package, I won’t even look at you. That slashes the numbers I need to focus on to 30%.

Other requirements of sexual attraction, mental connection, romance, RESPECT and trust trim the numbers down to 10%.

So I am left with a small number of men to focus on in this third-word patriarchal society where women are easily shamed.

And there’s that little bit of tribal bias I suffer, which trims the list even more.

I am not swimming in the same ocean looking for the same men y’all are diving in. Nah.

Acquired taste.

I will only talk to a man who understands that my ambition, my mind, my dreams and my sexual needs are as valid as his.

See ehn, it is not rocket science.

I don’t believe in preparing yourself for the right person.

Who the fuck is the right person??? Humans are flawed, and our imperfections are beautiful (as long as they are not illegal).

I say: Be who you are and find the person who GETS you.

Period.
.

*Dear Cynthia, I hope this helps.