# Rant1219


July 23, 2018

On one of my counselling sessions (still chuffed that I can hold counselling sessions people pay for), a lady had a lot to share...

It was a session very different from others, and I asked her permission to share some of what we discussed for the benefit of my FB community. She agreed.

So here goes:

She walked in looking really troubled. I thought she had lost a loved one.

“My friends think I am lying about how good my life is at the moment. They drop subs on their FB walls and I know they are referring to me,” she said.

“They don’t matter,” I responded immediately and yawned. 

Surely she didn't pay to come and talk about non-issues. Friends/frenemies, what are those? You wear that tag only if you behave yourself. I rip the badge off your chest the minute you think, in some ways, I need your  validation. 

“Is that all?” she asked.

“Yes, that’s all.”

“You mean that’s all the advice I will get? These are people I love.”

“I’m sorry, but you shouldn’t be loving assholes.”

Yes, that’s what I said.

I don’t have time for friends subbing their asses here out of jealousy or disbelief or whatever. Neither should you – whoever you are.

Imagine you have 5 fucks to give every day, who will you give them to?

Here’s mine:

My children. My boyfriend. My mum and brother. My manager at Write Culture. And then one more that I pass around as I search for value in friendship or whatever.

That’s all I have to give.

Fucks are very special. How I can share my fucks worried that some idiots on social media think my life is false, will never happen.

People are entitled to raw jealousy. And that's just none of my business.  

Many Nigerian women are unhappy. Forget the “God is good” posts. They are as unhappy as the sight of a toddler painting the walls with its own faeces.

They are unhappy living with men they wish could do more – love them more, take them out more, fuck them like whores, kiss them like Cinderella, see them like Kendal Jenner.

But it is never going to happen for them. They look like derelict vehicles, and that’s the good part.

The bad part is… their souls are dark. They’ve lost out on everything. They have only wishes.

They are afraid. They enrol weekly at the Likeability Seminars across all patriarchal districts.

Their only joy is to see and engage other women as desperately displeased as they are.

Their greatest pain is to see YOU walk into a room with your head held high, with a life they can only pray for.

You owe these people nothing.

When they are tired policing your lovely life, they will go and turn off the rice burning in their kitchen.

So the answer remains… THEY DON’T MATTER.

They never will.
.

My counselling session is two hours. So I asked her…

“You have just two hours with me, fully paid. You really want to spend it talking about people you should kick out of your life? Do you have that much fucks to give in just two hours of counselling? Because if we start analysing these friends of yours and their subs, one hour is gone. You would have given one hour to people WHO DON’T MATTER! I have a problem with that because it makes you a failure! And I am here to make sure you don’t become some pitiful woman always trying to hold on to lousy friendships. These people don’t matter. Don’t waste counselling session and fee on them.”

She was stunned.

But guess what, we spent two hours she paid for to talk about important things –
Her plans for branding her business. Her mother whom she had a strained relationship with. Her baby daddy who wanted a second chance.

We addressed REAL issues. Not some fucked up subs from social media.

Pff.

I won’t let anyone waste their money or fucks like that.

She sent a text later saying…

“You are something, Joy. You are something. I’m learning to give my fucks to only people who matter (my pastor will kill me if he ever knew I used that word. LOL!) Thank you, JIB.”

She's welcome.