# Rant1345



November. 15,  2018

Someone sent a message last night.

"Joy, are you saying we shouldn't lean on one another for emotional support when we desperately need it?"

Sigh.

No. That is not what I am saying.

Let me explain further...

I have talked about my life openly on this platform because I have selected a few women here as my cushion when I am emotional drained.

My page is not open for every human to have an opinion.

I will shield my self respect and preserve my dignity by ensuring Nigerians dont have free access into my life - virtual or real.

- Because we know what Nigerians can do with privileges.

It is never pretty. We lack basic discernment, and so we cherish mud, whilst we throw pearls into gutters.

We have no sense, generally.

You can see how much sense we lack by reviewing our country.
.

When I started dating my present boyfriend... I was coming out of a relationship only a few weeks back. 

I have said this many times!

He wanted me to move on fast. I wanted to mourn a little longer.

I am grateful he insisted, because I've been able to do all I've done in the last quarter of the year because he was present.

But it wasn't easy at all for him... still isn't easy.
.
.

We went shopping for furniture many months back...

After, say, 30 minutes he pulled me aside.

"Babe, you keep calling me someone else's name," he said.

"What?"

"That's not my name."

"Wait... what?"

"You called me XXX three times now as we were checking out furniture..."

"I did?"

"Yes, you did."

"Fuck.I'm so sorry."

Yup. That was how fucked up I was. I called him by my ex's name thrice at a furniture office and I didn't even know it!

He made us start all over again, re-introducing ourselves... just so the embarrassment on my face could wash off like a face mask.

It was truly embarrassing. And I don't use the word "embarrassing". So you must understand how embarrassed I was.

He saw how torn I was and he decided we should forget furniture shopping for the day.

We took a long drive to Epe. It was soothing...

But it didn't totally address my brokenness.

Nothing he did worked.

Sigh.
.

So what did I do after one and half month of dying?

I called a friend. I needed to talk to someone - a woman.

Now this friend is not close to any other friend I have.

As a matter of fact, I prefer when I don't have friends who hold mutual friendships with other friends.

I want to meet women independent from cliques. I admire self-sustaining, self-sufficient women who are objective and detached from enforced camaraderie expected of women.

If I have friends who hold private friendships away from the broader affinity of drinks and food and gist every other month with the entire crew... I lose trust and move on.

This friend I decided to confide in, had no close relationship with any other friend in my life.

She is mature, intelligent, has good experience in matters of love, non-judgmental, kind... and really the coolest chick I know.

I told her I'd like to take her out for dinner and tell her something that is killing me.

Then I cancelled.

I hadn't gathered all my guts.

I cancelled because I didn't want to sugarcoat anything. I didn't want to lie. I didn't want to play the victim. I wanted to say everything as it happened and how torn I was and how I had no idea what to do or how to stop feeling this way. 

And the reason I chose her was because...

I knew she was smarter than the cliché. 

A month after I chickened out, I called her and told her I was ready.

I couldn't take it any longer, the wound in my heart refused to heal. 

We met for dinner... and I didn't hold back.

I felt relief afterwards. I felt safe. I felt a healing take place.

Like I said, she is no cliché. She spoke kindly to me and she understood my pain.

She is a friend detached from my circle of friends and acquaintances.

She will carry my story, cremate it and throw it into the ocean afterwards.

That's how it should be.
.

So here is my answer...

Women should lean on one another, definitely.

I got my healing, to a large extent, FROM SPEAKING TO A WOMAN...

Something a man as amazing as my boyfriend couldn't do for me.

There is a place for women to heal one another.

But you people abuse this special bond. You want it with every woman and every opportunity.

I created an ambience with my friend before I shared my story.

I made sure she was comfortable. I offered to take her out (even though she paid for the meal eventually)...

Treat your story with respect. Don't just walk into a random woman's inbox and be asking for advice on your private love matters.

It doesn't matter how long you have been following me or if you read me everyday. I am still random to you.

You get?
.

So back to my previous rant...

I don't know you personally, so it is ridiculous to ask me questions about your relationships and ask for my emotional support.

Emotions are currencies too. They need to be spent wisely.

I am not in the position to help random women with "what should I do" situations with men.
.

By all means find emotional support. Lean on another woman.

Just make sure you are not leaning on someone with the discretion of a retarded witch.

Even worse... someone who enjoys agony porn.

Agony porn addicts need your sorrow to survive like vampires need blood.