# Rant1122


March 24, 2018

I watched Black Panther the third time because, well, my date bought tickets.

And, yet again, the injustice towards Killmonger really gets my goat.

I need y'all to appreciate this man beyond the label of a villain, which he is, but that's not the issue.

He won the right to the throne through legal combat. Not one person was on his side during that combat (ok, just one person - W'kabi). Yet he won. He won in the way required of the custom of Wakanda.

That is inspiring. Many of us can relate to that kind of success achieved in an isolated and unfriendly crowd.

He had no solid support. No cheerleader. Nothing. It was him, his determination and his raw strength...and hate that got him to the throne. Which is just fine. 

His hate is not like yours. If you hate something enough that you are able to defeat it, then you are not a hater. You are a fucking conqueror.

Killmonger was a conqueror. He got to the throne in less than 24 hours because he has the kind of grit very hard to find in mere mortals.

How can you not respect that?

How he lost the throne was not right. You can't just have someone who was pronounced dead show up with a vibranium suit and attack the new king based on the lousy fact that "we don't like your policies".

No!

The army that was supposed to protect Killmonger as king turned against him the minute T'Challa showed up. That's not right.

T'Challa's mum was shouting, "send this stranger away". Can you not see how selfish she is? She wants her son to be king.

Nakia wants her lover to be king. Okoye wants her friend to be king. Shuri wants her brother to be king.

That sounds very Nigerian. Our own. Our person.

Successful nations are not run like that.

It doesn't matter what you want. There are rules to follow. How do you go against the rules you set because it doesn't favour you?

That's dictatorship - when you can't let anyone else rule a kingdom unless it is someone you approve of.

Fuck that.

And that is how we run Nigeria.

Nepotism.

We favour the people we like. We keep recycling same dirt. And when a bit of rebellion shows up, we resist.

But we are all in the hall clapping for T'Challa taking back the throne.

Nigga was dead, let's get that clear. He was brought back to life because the people who wouldn't benefit from the new system wanted him back desperately. 

But when Killmonger got a stab in the heart, nobody was there to cry "nyen nyen nyen". Nobody gave him vibranium to drink. Nigga knew he was all alone in the world, and he chose the honourable path. Death.

So who really is the hero?

When Killmonger comes on screen, the world lights up. His energy. His anger. His antagonism. Nothing T'Challa can ever be.

Sigh.

You can't just get rid of a man like that. He stays with you.
*

The part of the movie that suggested girls were rescued from Sambisa always makes me angry. This fiction hurts. It's not glorious. Our pain is used for entertainment. Yet people are clapping. Why? We are not saving our girls in reality. They are raped and sodomized and then cameras are pushed in their faces when they are "rescued". No counseling, no therapy, no healing. These girls have to hear on TV that the government negotiate with terrorists, like distant cousins, without them suffering the full wrath of their crime. It's sad. Then it's sick.
*
Vibranium.

Vibranium turned Wakanda into a first world country.

We have our vibranium but we use it to destroy ourselves, enriching only a few.

Our vibranium is Oil.

So whilst you are excited that Wakanda goes beyond fiction, understand that it is a deeply delusional stance... and all that Wakanda has is all that we have. Oil should be able to turn this country to a first world nation. It hasn't. It never will. Because black people are idiots.
.
For its entertainment value, Black Planther is delicious sha.