# Rant1061


January 20, 2018

When a Nigerian man desperately wants to have sex with a run-of-the-mill Nigerian chick:

First-time-ever chatting:

Man: Hello dear.
(Yes. He actually uses "dear" as a term of endearment).

Chick: Hello.
(Yes. She actually responds to that piece of demeaning introduction)

Man: I hope you went to church today?
(Church is the icebreaker. Gives the impression he is a godly fella. Every Nigerian chick wants that godly negro)

Chick: I couldn't make it. 

Man: Why nah. Why didn't you go to church?

Chick: I had to cook. My mum is hosting village people.

Man: Aww. That's good. I hope the food is sweet.

Chick: Of course. I'm a good cook.
(Articulating her wife-matetialism is a crucial part of this conversation)

Man: That's nice, dear. I hope to taste your food soon.

Chick: Lol

Man: Promise me you will go to church next week. 

Chick: I don't miss church. Just today.
(Again wife material needs to be washed and ironed for good effect)

Man: That's nice. Pray for me when you go next week.
(The average Nigerian neanderthal always says this. Always. It's a thing as soothing as sexual lubricant)

Chick: I will.

Man: So what do you do, dear?

Chick: I'm actually looking for a job. I do small business here and there for now.

Man: I can get you a job. 
(Superman tinz)

Chick: Oh wow. Thanks. I would really like that. 

Man: Yes, dear. I need a secretary in my office. Hope you are qualified?

Chick: Yes. I am. I'm really grateful. 

Man: No problem. But you will be my babe oh. Lol!
("Lol" is meant to balance his idiocy with his raging hormones. So, "Lol")

Chick: What kind of babe?

Man: We will be servicing each other. 

Chick: How? 

Man: Nothing serious, just sex. Lol!
(Another "Lol", an attempt to soften his moronism)

Chick: How can you say that? I thought you were a kind person?
(*roll eyes*. You thought? There's a brain inside your head for thinking? Who would have thunk it?)

Man: Don't take it like that. 

Chick: I am sure somebody helped you at some point in your life, why don't you do same? Why don't you be a good samaritan?
(*chuckle. Cheap emotional blackmail)

Man: Don't be offended, dear. I was only joking. I can still help you. Forget the sex.
(LMAO! How do people fall for this shit?) 

Chick: I am really offended. 
(No you are not. If you were and you had any sense, the conversation would have ended over 30 minutes ago. But you are here hoping he would apologise enough to gain back your first-time-ever-chatting trust).

Man: I'm sorry, dear. No harm meant. I will still give you the job. No problem.
(Penis as hard as a rock. He is at the moment thinking with his testicles)

Chick: Please I need to think about it. I'm really upset. I don't do these kind of things.
(Of course you do.)

Man: Alright dear. Please don't be offended. I have to run now. I have a meeting with an important client.
(Fool doesn't even have enough clients to get him out of poverty)

Conclusion: She will eventually not feel so "offended". He will invite her over. There's a job, no doubt. A shitty mess of a job with a shittier pay cheque... and a lot of sex, affirmed by weekly church attendance.