# Rant1054


January 7, 2018

When I got a mail, pretending to be an application letter, I ignored it.

The applicant told me her story - of how she has suffered, been broken, been torn, how she's in need and all other such emotional issues.

I didn't think it was my business. Actually I thought she probably meant to send it to someone else, and mistakenly sent to me. But then my name was right there in caps, staring at me.

DEAR JOY.

I didn't have the emotional support, patience or whatever else she was hoping to trigger. Heck, at that minute I was calculating figures in my head - children's school fees, maintenance fees, optometrist fees etc.

So I ignored it. I decided to make it none of my business. 

I moved on swiftly to the other 31 emails unread. 

48 hours later, she sent another email. This time she added a few things that were worthy of my attention.

She added her work experience and projects she had done.

Now this is the issue:

Her first mail was aiming for pity. She hoped that she could connect with me on the basis of sympathy, distress and misfortune. But I guard my energy from sad or negative vibes. I choose my pity-parties very carefully. This was not an invitation I cared for or was going to attend... because I know nothing about this person, and it is too Nigerian and downright ridiculous and absurd to get anyone's attention by trading pity.

Pity is low. In this context, pity is vile. Stop trying to elicit pity from others. It's base, it's mullock. Please don't. You are human, not a dog looking for bone to eat.

When she realised the first mail didn't achieve what was expected, she sent another one- this time with proper information that could help her get a job.

I shook my head.

So you have these skills and experiences, yet you decided to sell pity instead of your worth. You want to get a job by provoking sympathy. 

Whew! I don't understand these things. Someone make me understand. Do we blame religion for this type stupidity?

Millenials, I hope all is well with you people? I know Nigeria has failed you; it has failed all us. Please stop failing yourselves.

Have some dignity.

If you have problems, that is the more reason you should push your skills and worth forward, not your troubles. 

I hate to say this, but nobody gives a shit about your troubles. You have to earn that sympathy you want.

For instance, my writer has earned my love, my empathy, my compassion, my attention, my support in every way. 

Why? Because she is brilliant at her job. 

When I move jobs, I carry her along. I buy her lunch. I look out for her on a daily. I even fight her battles. I stopped speaking to someone because she dared to intimidate her. I salute her. And I never fail to tell anyone who cares to know that she's good at what she does.

For chrissake, she has earned it!

Now to the rest of you...

How about you get a job, work smart and hard, then EARN that "pity" you want so desperately to throw in? How about that?

I really do wonder why pity is something anyone would want to provoke. There are so many positive energy and emotions you should try.

Try Respect. Try Honour. 

If you get a job, you may discover that your earning power will solve half the problem you claim to have.

Stop trying to trade pity in the faces of strangers.

Be professional. 

Some shame, my people. Get it!