# Rant1221


July 25, 2018

There was that feminist era that I totally despised.

That era that celebrated anything a woman was willing to do.

If she was able to rise from her bed in the morning, then she's a hero. No, they call her "shero".

If she can walk out of a three-week relationship, bravo!

If she can successfully burp her baby and still make a cup of cereal, she was a superwoman.

You had interviews with questions like...

"How are you able to successfully run a candy store and have a child and husband at the same time?"

You know, retarded questions... as if women are imbeciles and have to be applauded for spelling "oral" successfully without biting their tongues.

It always made me feel stupid answering those questions.

I mean... we even had people applaud Karrueche Tran for leaving Chris Brown... saying shit like, "she deserves better."

Karrueche Tran??!

Excuse you! Tran is a groupie. Groupies date superstars. Chris Brown isn't just a star. He is a star with many talents - all marketable.

Nigga gave her money to start a business. With a superstar boyfriend like Chris on one side, and a super-super-super star ex-girlfriend of her man, Rihanna on the other side, bitch still couldn't sell and sustain a small lingerie business.

Yet she deserves better? Will you keep kwayet!

It was that era every woman believed she deserved a better man... even with a tiny cerebrum and no real ambition. It was her sole right to have the best men in the world... and it was a crime for these men to aspire to better women.

Think about that for a minute...

Women always say they deserve better when a relationship ends. I don't doubt that - some women deserve better. They put in a lot not to be stereotyped.

But many women deserve what they get. They deserve the men they are with - both good and bad.

How is it we don't tell men to aspire to better partners? Why does it seem like a man should be content with what he has, but a woman is encouraged by girl-groups to aim higher?

Anyhooo, I am glad that era is over, somewhat.

I can't imagine celebrating a woman because she finally left a man she should have left the first day the dirty slap landed on her cheek.

Giiiiirl, that's not victory. That's common sense.

I bumped into one of those videos that tell women how they are nurturers of the world and how men should be honoured to have them and yada yada...

And all the women on the panel were nodding and feeling the nigga and believing his rant and all that.

We need to stop saying these things because women have been fed these motivational pap for so long it means abolsutely nothing.

They use that information to do nothing. 

Put a man in the middle of two women and see how these empowering/nurturing bullcrap go to waste.

You are not special, women. You are just another human being with the responsibility of doing something with your life.

It is that silly era that encourage nonsensical speeches like the one Dania Gurira gave at Essence on beauty.

Argh! Some cringeworthy shit!

Who cares if you were in Namibia and a woman saw your face and said, "you is beautiful"?

What has that got to do with acting a gorimapa role in Wakanda?

I can't deal!

Women have way too many fucks to give.

.

I was interviewed yesterday and the reporter asked...

"How do you balance work and life?"

An I'm like... "I don't understand - work and life? Is work not my life?"

But when you say that, they think you have sold your soul to a desk and a swindle chair in an office.

She rephrased... "How do you take care of kids and work and looking good?"

*head scratch moment*

"My kids stay with my mum because I have to work. My boyfriend takes care of ALL the administrative duties and expenses in my office and in my life. So all I do is write, create and feed my soul and mind with books and new knowledge."

Now tell me: who is the hero in this scenario?

Definitely not me.

But she didn't like that response, you see... she wanted me to meet her own idea of superwoman - by fire by force, slaving under a job and all the unhappiness and suffer-head that come with doing the things you don't necessarily like. 

Sorry, that's not my story.

Bye, Felicia! 
.

Only this morning, I heard "ShEO" for the first time.

ShEO? You mean CEO... except this new rubbish is for women!

What the fuck is "ShEO"? Don't call me that mess!

Society comes up with all these silly terms because it needs to drag a war between men and women. And I ain't enrolling in that war.

'ShEO' my pert black ass!

*mscheeeeew!