# Rant1355


November 22, 2018

For a woman who didn't want to do anything for the rest of the year, after the month of March took away everything...

This year turned out to be my most colourful year!

I did pretty good. I did everything I wanted to do and things that weren't even on the list.

I lived. I jumped. I cried. I loved. I lusted. I observed. I created art. I created more art.

I travelled for love. I travelled for art. I redefined my art.

Whatever I wanted to achieve, I did.

My small dream for 2018 became my own self discovery.

It is my most confident year.

I told a man I love I wouldn't marry him, because marriage is a chore we both can live without.

I envied no one. 

I loved whom I wanted to love without fear.

I did all I wanted to do without any thought to society's crap or tantrum.

I lived oh. This year I lived.

I looked around for consequences.

There were none.

Society only haunts the woman who lends her ear.

I am not listening. I am far up in the sky with my wings spread out. I cannot hear the yappings of N50k, four eggs, or goatmeat-missing-in-the-soup relationship wars made from ten yards of cheap wife material.  

I am far gone into this life of fairytale to want anything other than my expression of art to be seen and admired by people of exquisite taste.

I am working, yet I am not working.

Because to create art, for me, is like wanting a man, and he wanting you too. It is similar to dating the man of your dreams and having great sex and sweet commitment for the rest of the time you promise to stay together.

It's mutual lust and respect.

It's rolling his tongue around her nipples as they burn to be sucked. 

It's the words you speak when you both moan out of great pleasure.

Art is a love affair.

And I get to do that as a job.

Imagine having afternoon sex at a five-star suite while everyone else in the world is working.

That's Art.

I am lucky.
 
I got it all, and a lot of love, alot of gifts, alot of promises that came true.

Remember me, 'cos I LIVED.

Not many women can say that.

❤