# Rant1053


January 7, 2018

Holiday is over for the kids.

They head back to school. 

I move back to the Island, closer to all my dreams.

I'll miss them terribly. But with the work load I have, I'd be grouchy if they were day students... if I had to rush out of the office everyday to take care of a home.

This is the sacrifice we make as a family so mummy can achieve more, and daughters can explore new and rewarding adventures. 

Compromise. Sacrifice. These are some of the first things I introduced to them as young girls.

I am a single mother. I am no super woman. I refuse to wear-out being a mother. A weary mother adds no real happiness in the lives of her kids. I choose to stay happy and beautiful. And I choose to build a family also putting my state of mind and emotional wellbeing into consideration. 

When we come together, we make beautiful stories. And when it's time to return to work and school, we say goodbye. Till next time. As long as the moments we spend are made of gold, and their needs are met. I give them something to look forward to. But for now, go and read and make those good grades like you know how to do. You amazing girls!
.
.

I tell them it's OK to cry if they want to, they'll feel better if they do. Lord knows I cried every new term whilst heading back to school.

Tears demonstrate tranquility and strength. 

I know I'll cry later too. Alone. Just for the heck of it.

Mainly because things are moving so fast, and I fear my heart will explode into pieces of beautiful lyrics.

Kids are growing fast and doing well. Mum is living her dream.

Bless!

The silver lining didn't happen at the end of the tunnel, so I lit that bitch up. With support, of course; from someone who believed.

May you find your own believer.

Ah! I'm bad with these prayer points. But you get my drift😃

Moving into a new week, work is gon' be lit! 💃💃💃