# Rant1405


December 29, 2018

My father's first visit to my matrimonial home happened six months after the wedding fanfare.

We had only a blue rug covering the sitting room area, and a television sitting on a stool near the wall.

He came with one of his distant relatives.

"Oh! No couch?" he smiled at me.

I rolled my eyes 😂

My husband got him and his relative plastic chairs from our corridor.

My father's eyes trailed me everywhere I went around the house, like he was watching someone through a distorted glass. Lol!

I was nursing my 5 month old baby, Ife.

I sat on the blue rug, feeding my baby cerelac and making baby sounds with her.

My father stared.

When my husband left the house for a moment to get my dad a beer.

He kept staring.

"What?!" I snapped at my dad.

Then he smiled. Again.

"Nothing."

He spent less than 30 minutes. As I escorted him to his car, he placed his hand on my shoulder like he always did...

"You are good, Isi?"

I wasn't sure if it was a question or a proclamation. 

"Yes." I said.

"At least, there is food in the house, I believe? You are eating well?"

Yup. He went there! 😂😂😂

"Daddy!" I snapped, "Of course, there's food in my house!!"

He squeezed my shoulder, nodded and said, "I am proud of you. I nor know why I need to tell you dat this minute. But I dey proud of you." He tapped my shoulder and left.

He left and never came back to that house. Hahahhahahhahhahahaha!

And not even once did he judge me for settling for less.

I sincerely didn't know I was settling. I know we didn't have anything when we started, but I was so sure we would build everything we wanted.

It didn't work out that way. But in hindsight, I think it's good it didn't.

I mean... the life I have now is the life I would choose if I had new knowledge back then.

I am certain there's no Nigerian marriage that can accommodate my creative hunger.

Marriage, not man. Don't bring your fangs out yet.

I mean... the institution itself as practised in Nigeria will not approve of my constant need to be productive in creative matters, and will judge me only based on things I do not care about. 

For instance, my kids come first every single term in school. 

It doesn't mean very much to their grandma if they cannot sweep the house very well.

For me, I don't judge them on domestic pursuits. But their grandma does.

(PS: I'm glad their grandma pays attention to their domestic abilities, by the way)
.

I don't want to cook. But I will be up all night writing a script. I will slave for my art. I will not slave to keep a home.

Do you get my drift?

My priorities are different. And women like me irk the institution. 

The Nigerian marriage is not going to judge me fairly based on my ability to create content. It doesn't care about that. 

It will judge me based on the amount I can save my household when I buy plantain and yam in the market. And how well I am able to measure the quantity of oil in my soup. And how much bullcrap I can swallow from a man called husband.

But I am more.

By jove! I am more!

The Nigerian marriage doesn't care about the MORE.

I am glad to roll out of bed by 5am and write. Grab a snack from my fridge. Listen to Stromae. Spend time with e-friends responding to messages...

And go on dates without ever hoping to marry the person.

I feel truly blessed to be alive at such a time as this when we can confront many narratives and live the lives we truly want.

This is the life of freedom I dreamt about as a teenager even when I wasn't so sure how it'd all play out.

❤