# Rant1400


December 26, 2018

People always say there's no reason any child turns out to be the favourite one. They just become. 

I was the favourite child of my father.

I didn't think much about it. I never questioned it. I don't think I even revelled in it personally. I wasn't cruel with my position with the other kids. I didn't snitch because I just never cared enough what anyone else was doing.

I wasn't even aware I was a favourite child for a long time until my half-sister mentioned it one day.

"He loves you more than the rest of us. Maybe you should ask him for so-and-so," she would say, trying to send me on an errand to my dad.

I never went on those errands. I never cared. 

I never really cared. Not even for his money.

I never talked about my father as a teenager. 

Everyone in school thought I had just a mother and a brother. 

Nobody knew about the seaview edifice - ah! That house was beautiful!

Nobody knew about all his businesses made from sheer hard work.

My father was a major distributor of Nigerian Breweries. He had a large storehouse for their products. When the trucks arrived, they spent the entire day filling up the storehouse, replacing empty cartons and crates with new ones.

The entire day! It was that big.

I never allowed the reality of my father's wealth become my own reality. I never fully allowed his status to mean anything to me. It never sunk in my spirit that I was the child of a wealthy man.

For crying out loud, I married someone who couldn't afford a couch or fridge for two years!!! Hahahahahhaha!

My father used to smile when he was reminded of my reality in marriage. Almost like he was confused, in an affectionate way, where to place this weird daughter of his.

How does anyone move from being my father's daughter to being poor in marriage 🤣🤣😂😂

Me and my silly rebellion! LMFAO!

My father wasn't even a deep discussion in my marriage.

I just didn't like people to be fully aware of my dad's status.
.

Everyone was trying to take from him - his siblings, his son, acquaintances, so-called friends, workers et al. 

I remember, one time, he was driving me to school. I was strapped in the front seat, after we drove a few miles, he asked for permission to head to the bank.

I remember so well the reception he received at the bank. They all were falling over themselves to greet him. Young women with complexion so bright they could blind the sun - that was his thing - those yellow women. It was the thing for men who made it in the 80s. Lol!

He would smile at all of them and chat with a few. He cracked really cool jokes with even strangers, I observed.

I was taken to a fancy office, and the manager of the bank sent tea and biscuit and a small present... and a toy!

I was 14 for gods sake! Why are you giving me a toy!! 😂😭🤣😭

They were counting his money from across the room like they were robots. 

And it didn't really mean anything to me.

He was just my dad. Period.

And even after everything... after they squandered his wealth and there were rumours of a few handsome millions left that we could grab, as told by my half-sister... I still didn't let it sink in.

Even when I got to speak to him on the phone after retiring to the village - tired and old... I didn't bring it up.

"My Isi," he said on the phone. His voice still carried the authority of a god.

"Daddy, are you good?" I asked, like he used to ask me when I was a teenager in boarding school. 

"Yes, I am good. The question is: are you good, my Isi?"

"I am good, daddy."

"Yea. You will always be good. You have something inside of you many people don't have."

"Yea."

And that was it. I didn't quiz him about all the family rumours, the Will, the money, nothing.

I still haven't. I never will.

Because I know everyone would be doing just that - badgering him for a slice of his wealth.

I am not everyone.

And I am not even angry.
.

Maybe... just maybe he saw that I could SEE him beyond his naira notes.

Maybe.

*shrug*