# Rant1338


November 6, 2018

I'm going to write a book about my father... because all these memories of my childhood have been comforting these past days.
.

I remember when I was 9 years old...

It was late, say, 8pm. My parents came back from an outing. As my mother walked in, she walked in screaming, lamenting about my father's behaviour.

"Andy, you are not well!" She screamed.

My father was behind her, rolling his eyes.

"Do you know what your father did?!" She looked at us - me and my siblings, chilling at the open space, enjoying the sea view. 
There wasn't even a teenager in our midst. We were 9 year olds and 11 year olds.

"Your father slapped the back of the driver's head when he made a wrong turn. He shouted at him to stop the car! Your father got down from the car, ordered the driver out, left him standing there and drove off! Hehn!!!"

"But he was driving nonsense. He was taking so many wrong turning, and I'm sick of that! Is he a fool? Does he not have a brain?!" my father defended himself.

My mother's skin burned with rage...

"Is that how to treat a human being?!!" She barked.

"He is a bad driver, abeg! He should go and learn the work well. Let him trek home. He is useless."

LMAO!

I swear, even as a 9 year old, I understood exactly what my father meant when he said that. I'm not saying what he did was right, slapping the back (ogo) of the driver... but I didn't care.

I swear I didn't care for my mother's rage on the matter.

And I wondered why two people so different, who saw life so differently, had to be together.

I don't think I'll be screaming all over the place if my very successful husband slapped an incompetent driver at the back of his head. I'll probably have no reaction.

I'll probably just look out the window.

I won't add fuel to the situation, but I wouldn't care very much about it.

Weird, right?

Anyway... I thought if my father drove off without his driver, then the driver deserved it.

LMAO!!! 

I know. I know. I'm horrible. 

Oh! What a horrible person I am to find any humour in this sad show of superiority.

💅💅💅
.

My father sacked his workers every other week. 

He employed new faces every month. 

Lol!

One time, he got tired of hiring people, so he became the waiter in his own club, serving the alcohol and attending to patrons. He also ran the managerial duties in his pool betting house after sacking many managers (PS: Pool betting houses were like Bet9ja of today).

Hahahhahahaha!

I mean... how can you not like a dude like my dad?

Rockstar of life!

PS: Yes, I didn't get a penny from his Will (if there was any)... Because "such is life". But I stan that man. I stan him die, especially as I get older.

❤