# Rant1300


October 3, 2018

This was what Tinubu tried to do to Fashola at the end of his first term.

But Lagosians didn't let him.

We loved Fashola's audacity of compassion and lingering affection for us.

He wasn't perfect.... but by God! He wasn't Ambode!

Ambode's filthy Lagos is not what anyone should fight to retain.

I don't care for Tinubu. I don't care for Ambode. I sure as hell do not give care for this Sanwo-Olu dude...

It's all the same pot of spoilt beans.

I do not see why any Lagosian should fight for Ambode.

Look at his Lagos, for godssake!

A man with no plan. No real ambition for leadership.

The first thing he did when he became governor was to discredit Fashola. 

A cheap pawn move.

Well who is laughing now?

Ambode has no plans for Lagos. He should go and gather his votes in Quilox. That's what he should do.

And there is really no joy in bringing Jimi Agabje AGAIN to try his luck with a PDP ticket.

A man who shows up every 4 years to run for governor without evidence of community development or social involvement, investment or influence during his endless wait... has no real intention to be better than his opponents.
.

Ambode is fighting a sad battle, one that would have been iconic if HE ACTUALLY FIXED LAGOS!

His rebellion - standing against the godhead of the party - would have been glorious if he was indeed a brilliant leader.

But he is not. He is not even average.

He should carry his head and go!!!

Fashola would have cared about trailers parked on the highway. He would have cared about dirt on every corner street in Lagos. He would have cared about potholes that have grown ten times the size we have ever suffered.

Fashola would have cared.

Even if he couldn't solve all our problems, he would care.

And sometimes, that is enough... knowing that running one of the most populated cities in the world, and recognizing its third world status and complications would require playing many tired politics.

But look at this Ambode of a person. He has done absolutely nothing to deserve a second term. 

Now he is like a toddler in need of a pacifier.

nyen nyen-nyen-nyen... 

Just get away!