# Rant1111


March 17, 2018

Dear hardworking, smart, pretty, intelligent woman...

Do not let anyone tell you that you are using your pussy to rise to the top.

Statements like that are straight out of the rolls of bile and bitterness stuck in the midriff of other women about to hit a crescendo in absolute misery.

It would be funny if it wasn't so idiotic.

Do not feed that troll. It is scum. It is bitterness. It is envy. It is avarice. And most importantly, it is an evaluation of the accuser's sad broke life.

When they insinuate such balderdash, I implore you to stretch your gorgeous self on the couch or bed that has allowed you enjoy many orgasms, and laugh your heart out. Then place a call on your intercom and order a fantastic breakfast that you don't ever have to pay for.

Because if pussy takes anyone to the top, then why isn't half the population with pussy anywhere above front desk level?
*
Here's a scenario that I gave to a friend yesterday who was offended when someone accused her of pussy-ing her way successfully.

She's older than me - just two years older. She's hot. She works really hard. And she's dating a cool ass nigga. 

That's her crime. For finding a man to love her at her age.
.
Say you have a pussy and you are an adult, that means you should be fucking (if you are not fucking then that's a disease on its own. Go find a gynae and see if he can scrape out the shrubs).
With this pussy, you choose to fuck a deadbeat abuser. With this pussy you choose to be a domestic worker in a man's house - cooking and cleaning and scrubbing and washing. In no time, another woman comes in to enjoy the house you scrubbed squeaky clean, and the food you cooked with your sweat and blood.

You lament to the entire world about your silly predicament, they gather empathy in a bucket and pour on your head. You are labelled a virtuous woman.

Why? Because your pussy was a martyr in the game of love.
.
Now check this other scenario:

You have a pussy and you are an adult. Your pussy is having great sex with a man who adores you and wants only the best for you. Your pussy enjoys a love that is undiluted and immensely rewarding. 

But this pussy isn't labelled virtuous. This pussy is a whore, because pussy shouldn't have this much value. And if pussy gives this much reward, then it means you trapped the nigga. So you need to untrap him and let this pussy go through the mess and hell all other pussies are going through under bland and unrewarding relationships.
.
Again, like I always say, I feel so sorry for any woman who actually listens to society. You will die a frustrated animal with rolls of unhappiness as flesh moving you around in the guise of a body.
*
Women are incredibly sad creatures. How do I know?

Find a happy woman -  no, I don't mean all these half-baked pretentious happiness laced with contentment and religion and some tired relationship that they need to patch every other month. 

I mean a real happy woman. Find a woman who is pretty, smart, hardworking, unconventional and probably at an age people believe she should NOT be enjoying romance... and see how many people despise her. Women, actually. A pile of unhappy pussy-givers who still cannot fathom if the said woman's pussy is laced with gold or diamonds.

You know we have our age limits for romance in this dark uncivilised country... And older women are not included. That is why, in some ways, a woman is reminded of her age when it seems she's enjoying love and life and the pleasure and rewards of sex and companionship a little too much.
.
Take the time to evaluate your accuser, you'll discover she is some deadbeat waste, battered in a relationship, destroyed by matrimony, rejected by life, spat out, mocked and scorned by opportunities.

Of course, she's going to think your pussy is what gets you even the cup of coffee you drink. She's going to ignore your smart brains, your drive, your years of raw hard work and ambition... She doesn't care about that. She just wants to console herself by trying to despise everything that you are that she can't possibly be.

If you believe that one woman's pussy gets her happiness... How is it that yours is living the life of frozen bacon stuck between your thighs?

If it is so easy, at a certain age, to make pussy triumph over smarts... then why is yours lying fallow? Try spreading that your pussy on a table and see if anyone is willing to drop a kobo.

Let's do a little exercise:
Find the nigga that makes one woman happy, and see if your pussy can create a similar happiness for you with the same man.

Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.

Your bitterness calls it pussy. But you know you are not her.

It is the fire in her eyes. The sun in her presence. Her tastefully laid intelligence. The sheer grace of her rebellion.

Should I carry on?

Or do you finally admit you are just bitter scum?

Aww.