# Rant1400


December 26, 3018

I asked the girls what they wanted for boxing day.

"Novels!" They both screamed.

So we went novel shopping.

When we got to a store, they looked through the shelves, and it seemed they had read almost all the books there.

"You mean you've read all the Dork Diaries?!" The attendant asked, "Wow!" She left her mouth open, shaking her head as if her brain needed extra space to process the information.

They have read over 60 Enid Blyton series alone. Probably more.

So we bought the few they could find that they haven't read.

The novels I bought today cost me N15,000.

If I haven't spent up to N1million on novels for my kids, then I am sure I am getting close to it. I hate to keep receipts, but it's easy to tell just by looking at the collection they have in the last 8 years.

I am glad that they love reading. I'd be terribly sad if I had kids who didn't like books.

I can't think of anything that could mean more to me than a reading child.

The conversations we have... my goodness!

I am glad.
.

I know it is expensive for some parents to afford books. 

Let me make something clear...

I can't afford these books either. 

When I buy these books, I am denying myself something.

That is what you may have to do if you desire a reading child.

That aso ebi you want to buy for another trite wedding or occasion, invest that money on a few novels for your kids instead. 

You can't be dressed for parties every weekend when your kids don't have a library. 

Jollof rice is not what makes you a good parent. It is your job to feed your kids, nobody is going to give you a medal for that.

Give them more.

Give them the ability to think, dream, become.

It starts with reading.

Deny yourself a little to give your children alot.
.

Here's what I will do...

I will be selling 80% of the books my children have had for years.

When you come to The Academy of Alternatives and Counselling (TAAC) at Lekki phase 1, you will get any children's book you want for N500.

"But mummy, that is too cheap!" Jolly said when I told her I'd be selling some of their old books.

If you still cannot afford it at N500, then you will be all right las' las'.
.

Happy Boxing day!