# Rant1242


August 24, 2018

The Nigerian. The Englishman. The Asian. And the Italian.
.
.

The security alarm goes off.

I am heading to the gym at 11pm (uae). I head back to my room to get my kids ready for whatever may follow after the emergency sound.

They get out of their night dresses and into tees and shorts and trainers, ready for whatever.

I lead them out of the room, and just when I am about to click the button to the elevator, I remember the simple rule - do not use the elevator during emergency.

So I lead them back into the room and I alone try to find the stairs.

As I am James-Bonding on the 13th floor, another guest comes to the corridor - an Englishman.

"My kids are frightened. What is wrong with these people?!" He says.

Now I realise the alarm isn't something I imagined. I had wondered where everyone was and why doors were still conveniently shut.

So now I have another parent and we can worry together.

"I'm going to confront them," he says and I follow him like a submissive black woman into the elevator.

"I have been here two months, and this alarm has gone off more than five times! My kids who just joined me are scared!"

He looks at me and says,

"You are here alone?"

"No, my kids are worried too."

So we march to the concierge, and there the white man loses all his temper and lays the pieces on the floor like broken glasses.

"This fucking alarm keeps going off in the last two months and no explanation!!! I kept quiet for this long but not today because my children are vacationing and they are scared!!!"

I am nodding behind him, rather obediently.

An Asian man stands next to me, nodding along with me.

The manager brings a smoke alarm box to us. He explains that one of the guests in the hotel flouted the no-smoking warning and with highly sensitive smoke detectors, they face this once in a while, especially during "summer". He apologise and promise the situation is under control.

Ok. I am satisfied with this. The Englishman looks convinced. Asian man was long contented before the end of the explanation sef.
.

But there is the Italian guest who shows up in his pajamas, and all he wants to know is...

"What is the room number of this guest?"

Manager stutters, not wanting to give out personal information of any guest.

Italian isn't having it.

Calmly, he asks again, "I want the room number."

Now we are all blinking, hoping this is not as real as they make Italians look in Hollywood.

The manager finally gives the room number.

"And what is the name of this guest?"

Ah!!!

And he is asking all these questions clamly oh, rubbing his thumb and index finger together.

"The name. I want the name of the guest."

Now the manager is begging him not to worry about the name fa! 😂😂😂
.

I leave the two continents at the reception and return to my children. They have changed back to their night dresses and reading under the duvet.

"I am going to exercise," I announce.

"You'll need oxygen mask, there's no air outside," Ife says.

I remember I felt the same way the first time I came to Dubai.

"I will be indoors - at the gym, on a treadmill."

"Ok. Gym well."

I exhale.