# Rant1123


March 25, 2018

Too many institutions are trying to crush the alpha male, dilute his natural supremacy.

Even ordinary Big Brother Naija is scolding a contestant for being an Alpha male, as if it is a crime to command power and influence.

As if an alpha male should be apologetic for having prestige or something other men can fear or respect or be intimidated by.

For a social show like #BBNaija, it is sad that they have to try and cower a supposed alpha male.

This is why people like Efe gets to win the show - small, poorly talented, subservient, grovelling individuals who stick to a method that appeals to our general sense of indigence.

"Teddy A, you are like everyone else in the house. Do not think your alpha male position makes you above every other housemate...yada yada."

No. Mr. Big Brother.

That speech to Teddy A wasn't necessary. Address the man and leave his alpha male position out of it.

It's as bad as saying to a woman "your feminism doesn't make you better than any other person here."

If you can't do that knowing it will present the show as "un-woke", then don't do that to the alpha male.

We love alpha males.

Some of us don't care about men like Efe. I wouldn't even place Teddy A as an alpha male. There's no real alpha male in that house. But there is nothing wrong in aspiring to be one. So don't crush it. 

In the real world, women like us want the ALPHA MALE.

Don't dilute that brand. In all of our pseudo equality crap, nothing worries me more than watching the world strip the alpha male of his glorious position. Like everything in Nigeria, the term may have been abused, but true alpha males exist, and they are beautiful in all their dominant glory.

PS: Like I always add... the kind of men I speak of are not wallowing on social media. So please pop that collar far away from my post. Lol!