# Rant1105

March 11, 2018

Visiting Day. 

I get to my children's school quite early.

Ife runs towards me and plants kisses all over my face. Jolade takes a majestic stroll, flashing a smile from the distance, then embraces me when she finally gets to where I am sitting.

I am looking at Jolade's face still splashed at the entrance wall:

Best Student in Junior Class.

"You are still decorating the wall of your school. It's lovely," I smile.

She smiles too.

Ife is done kissing my face but won't let me go as she wraps her hands around my waist.

"I miss you so much," she says.

"I miss you too, boo."

The school is quiet. The house mother, the sweetest kindest woman, spends a second with me and then disappears. She heads to the kitchen to supervise lunch.

"Looks like I'm the first parent to visit."

"Yes," Jolade replies.

I realise I haven't met any other parent of the school.

"How are the other parents though? I've never met any? How will you describe the average parent of the school? Are they anything like me?"

Ife smiles, "they are nothing like you. No one is like you."

"Ha! What does that mean?" I exclaim in mock shock.

"You are special, unique." She says this as she faces the wall drawing invisible lines, with a smile on her face.

Ok. Now I will not be able to tell them I lost my company. Because I still want to remain "unique and special". Also exams starts soon and I don't want to freak them out and crush their spirit with bad news.

I'm unique and special, let's keep it that way. Lol!
.
So it's time to leave but Ife won't let go of my hand. 

"Dont go. Come sleep on my bed. Spend the night," she jokes.

"Girl, I ain't sleeping in no hostel. Been there, done that. I'm heading back to my hotel room."

We laugh.
.
Jolade just became, you know, a "woman", so she is shrouded in that quiet discomfort. I remember how Ife's season played out. I made the entire episode easy to accept and even cherish.

I'm not physically present for Jolade... but she's got the best big sister ever, and Ife is helping her through the process.

"I need a new bag!" Jolade cries as I am about to leave, so I drop extra funds for the bag with the house mother who promises to buy it.

"Call me," I tell them as I walk out the gates into my car.
.
Jolade called a minute ago.

"House mother got me a nice bag at the market just now. Thanks, mummy!"

"You're welcome."
.
It was a good day 😊