# Rant1057


January 12, 2018

Give your children everything they want.

Kids don't ask for much. They want biscuits and Coldstone icecream; toys and trips to the movies; they want new dresses and their own electronic devices; and a few more accessories.

Give them if you can. Let them get over that excitement of expectation early enough, so they can focus their energy on the important things in life. 

I don't place any reward for good grades. I make my kids understand that good grades are their own reward.

Let them have access to a tin of chocomilo (unless you need to watch their sweet tooth). Give them access to TV. Give them Internet. Give them cool magazines to read. 

Cure them of greed by making these things accessible to them.

Because when you see an adult always jumping at every offer, every invite, every date, every e-catcall, every proposal...

There's a desperate cry from within to get back a childhood that was denied love and basic needs. 

If as an adult you do not have the decency or common sense to turn away from even the juiciest invitation for hangouts; responding to every random get-together, available at every ocassion; unwilling to preserve a mystery of self... 
Always caught in the excitement of a free meal, a free drink, free access to a concert, free ticket to a bar...

There are many terrible things that can happen to you.

The least would be a life without direction.

The worst might be your body at the bottom of the lagoon.

*
So if you have a child, give them some love, a hug and a little above basic needs. 

Save them from cheap, basic greed.