# Rant1212


July 16, 2018

I don't listen to videos online.

I watch them but I don't click the sound. .

If it's not Magaret Atwood's masterclass promo on creative writing or Shonda Rhimes, then the volume is not my friend.

So I am yet to hear what the fuck Funke Adejumo is yapping about sowing $1000 or N1m seed money. I see her prancing around a religious stage with grotesque flowers in the background and male ushers standing around as if waiting for brain transplant.

My brain cells are very important to me. I don't want to hear the voice of a fraud.

Same goes for those audio predictions made by some doom prophet who couldn't stop road accidents but is quick to release dates of gloom and doom that spread an air of despondency all over an ignorant nation with already hopeless people.

I don't click sound when Nigerian entrepreneurs share their "success stories", because it's crap. I don't click the volume to see those silly funny videos on kraks tv. I watch them moving around, acting silly/funny, but I don't want to hear nothing. If I can't understand that shit on mute, then I don't want to know what is being said.

The volume of the TV set in my office is always mute. When I've heard the first round on CNN, we turn to Africa Magic or its attendant cousins... why not? We write scripts for Nollywood. So today I watched a movie with a man caressing his penis and licking his lips because he wanted to sleep with a girl, on mute.

I watched another one still on mute where... I can't remember what happened. It was marvelously forgettable.

We feature a daily segment on @writecultureng on Instagram called #tellastoryng where one-minute videos of people's experiences and tales are posted.

I don't listen to them. I read the report from the reporter who submits the videos but I don't listen.

I don't like the voices of persons I am not familiar with. I don't like scrolling down social media with the intrusion of voices and sounds or music jumping at me.

It is why I cannot stand radio. My God!!! I will die and resurrect before Iistening to any radio station beyond 30 minutes. The fact that the OAPs are not very bright doesn't help very much. 

Why?

Because. They. Don't. Read.

I know it's so fucking old school, but I think we need to make books cool again. People are so dumb it's like a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease! 

And the worst part? People who don't read are writing books! Bejeezus!!

So you read a book and you are mentally editing and making corrections and you wonder, how did this happen? Didn't a real writer read this thing? Didn't they have the decency to pass it on to an editor?

And these books are flying off the shelf!!!

Yet you are the only one complaining which makes you the only weirdo in the world.

I don't even know what I'm yapping about at this point. But I just read pages of a book and I can't believe it actually got (self) published.

Phew!

Anyways, I need to watch the Handmaid's Tale. Write Culture manager, Roberta, has promised to get it for me since Netflix isn't showing.

That, I will watch with the volume way up!