# Rant1065


January 27, 2018

There's a young man who called me recently. He had worked in some capacity around the organisation I consult for.

His voice didn't shake. Even though he wasn't so certain what he wanted, he didn't hold any of his thoughts back. His words were full of adoration, respect, a speck of lust (oh dear!), and a desire to be mentored. 

It was brave. He spoke about my beauty, my strength, my presence, there were traces of sexual attraction in his speech... yet it wasn't tacky, wasn't patronising, and wasn't sleazy.

He said he told his mum about me - about a woman that works in the office where he was employed part-time.

I have had many messages and many calls that make my skin crawl. I sincerely do not like to have conversation with boys. I find that male privileges and the idea of immortality that comes with youth legitimises their insolence; and I will have none of that!!!

But this young man impressed me. 

He just let it out. All of it. 

I like you. I want to know you. I think about you. I want to work with you. Learn from you. Build with you.

Sexual attraction at the work place is always frowned at. But I always believe that sexual attraction makes you a smarter worker. 

You take your time to look good, performing better than usual, making good attempts to improve productivity etc.

Many people need motivation. Work becomes a routine. Routines are boring. But when there's something or someone to look forward to everyday, it gives bounce to your steps, and colour to your demeanour.

I do not endorse sexual activities at the work place. Not too many people have any proper direction or guide or purpose. Sexual energy in the office is supposed to make you do better at your work. And it is best when not expressed. The idea is to pour all that passion into work. Best if the "subject of your desire" is slightly unaware of your longing.

If you have a well-defined objective to life, you'll find sexual attraction to be a powerful tool towards actualising work goals.

But people are dumb, so all they do is fantasise aimlessly and choke on desire. In some desperate situations, they actually turn their work station to a love nest.

No.

But I deviate.

I was talking about a man who was able to express desire, admiration and aspirations in one call. With a voice that was confident, and still was able to stay respectful.

Very rare, I tell you. 

It's a tough world out there, and too many dull people with egos the size of Gibraltar. You want to be able to spot a rare kind and help him/her find direction as best as you can.

I hope I will be able to support his career ambitions in some ways