# Rant1208


July 14, 2018

I find it very uncomfortable to have conversation with a millennial and s/he yaps about how s/he is going to get rich and reward me, in some ways, for my kind words or assistance.

It’s the dumbest thing to say. It’s fraud.

It shows how very little they think of themselves without money. It seems they believe money will endorse their right to be human beings… that money will give them respect and recognition.

I don’t respect many rich people. So I am the last person you should tell about how rich you are going to get and finally fly me to the moon…

-because when you talk like that, it most likely wouldn’t happen. It’s shallow. It’s delusional. And frankly, it gives me a headache.

I don’t care if you are rich – just don’t be pitiful or be a beggar. Have dignity, have enough money to do whatever you want.

What I care about is your mind. What is in your head?

We have been reading philosophers for ages. Confucius is immortal. Do you know how much he was worth financially? Do we care?

No, we don’t. His wisdom, his understanding are priceless. Money cheapens great intelligence. You will never find anyone with a grain of intellect comparing a philosopher to some rich nigga. Yes, only a black man would do that. Nigerians will do that, because we are stupid people.

I know this is the century for the loud millionaires who will continue to taunt their gatemen for being poor, and flaunt how much they have. It’s ok. You don’t have to aspire to that for chrissake!

Be your own truth. Flaunt your intelligence. Money and Sense are not on the same scale of value. Fire burns cash. Intelligence is forever.

And in 2018, you don't have to be smart to be rich. It's the era of easy money. Be dumb, be controversial, take off your bra, have sex on Live TV, twerk, heck smile... and money will find you.

So relax. There's nothing wrong with you if you aren't rich. That you aspire to it is not bad, but your obsession built on wishes is boring.

Do you know they tried to preserve Einstein’s brain? Do you think it had anything to do with his bank account?

Real wealthy people like Bill Gates have long understood the emptiness of money without purpose.

Not running a business. People get that shit twisted all the time. Running a business to make money is not purpose.

That’s what Nigerians do. And that’s why you keep thinking we are waiting for you to blow.

Beyond a nod, an applause and a smile… we don’t give a fuck about your personal wealth. It enriches you, not us. We don’t care.

Purpose is deeper than business. Your multi-million-naira business will die with just one match stick lit on a rug. Purpose, however, outlives you.

We don’t have anyone in this fucking country establishing Purpose. We have business men and women, that’s it.

Your richest man is a business man. His trucks are all over the mainland, on express roads. We have no roads anymore. We drive through service lanes to get home.

And you call that wealth?

What are you so impressed about?

Someone makes a chunk of money, hires a chunk of people, does a chunk of work, travels a whole chunk around the world, wears a chunk of jewellery, owns a chunk of accessories…

What is so impressive about that?

Stop coming around my space and telling me that you cannot wait to take me to Mars when you make money.

How about you flip this entire generational idiocy and be something different. Be the Confucius of your generation. Read. Read. Read. Read. Read. And watch through those eyes of wisdom the folly called Life.

How about that? How about you don’t become Instagram statistics?

All you do as millennials is think about money – the foolish and smart alike. It’s so annoying.

You will never get it thinking about it. Never.

And frankly, I don't think you need it!

Think about something nobody else is thinking about. Think about climate change – whatever! Just be different.

If money is anything beyond personal gratification, why is Nigeria so shamelessly lacking in everything? You want money just so you can brag about it and make other people miserable.

You are sad.

And I don’t want to have to deal with that kind of sadness around my space.