# Rant1336



November 5, 2018

Yesterday, after spending sometime at the Naijafm comedy show and award night, my date and I headed out.

At Muson Centre, there are area boys hanging around, begging.

We parked across the street - at the new parking space reserved for Muson guests.

As we made our way there, area boys moved quickly towards us, like a swarm of locusts, begging and bragging.

My date asked to hold my hand in a bid to protect me.

"Give me your hand," he said.

"Nah."

We finally made it to the garage where the gates are secured. When we got in, he asked me...

"Why didn't you give me your hand? They were about ten area boys following us."

I told him...

"If I give you my hand in the presence of agberos, it shows vulnerability and that causes excitement for them. If they see that I rely on you to protect me, it will suggest that I am timid, afraid and exposed to the possibility of being attacked. But when I place my hands in my pocket and walk toffee-nosed, they can't be so sure who I am or what I can do. That level of confidence rattles them."

He looked at me with a smile like he just hit a jackpot. LMAO!

"That is the smartest thing I have heard all year. Damn, girl!" His smile broadened.

And it did work. The agberos didn't say a word to me or try to intimidate me.

A woman's confidence is a small man's kryptonite.
.

I have been in traffic, in Oshodi, where area boys hit hard on my window. I don't panic.

On one ocassion, one of the louts stood up from a crowd of agberos and came specifically to my window, and slammed so hard on it, I thought it had cracked...

Yet I didn't move a muscle.

When he slammed the second time, I turned looked at him, expressionless, and looked the other way, like he was dead mosquito slapped on my side window.

From the side of my eye, I could see his shock, then shame -  not for his actions, but for the fact that there was nothing else he could do at that moment except walk away as the failure that he is. He couldn't frighten a woman enough to get her to even pay him any attention.

I know there are other dangerous encounters one can get into with hooligans, but in many instances, all you need to do is let them acknowledge, through your composure, that you are a part of this city, born and bred, living your own hustle...

And no bastard has a right to bully you.
.
.

PS: "If I give you my hand in the presence of agberos, it shows vulnerability and that causes excitement for them. If they see that I rely on you to protect me, it will suggest that I am timid, afraid and exposed to the possibility of being attacked. But when I place my hands in my pocket and walk toffee-nosed, they can't be so sure who I am or what I can do. That level of confidence rattles them."

I had to paste this here again... because I believe it can be open to many inspiring interpretations. 
And these interpretations will have nothing to do with area boys, comedy night, or hot date.

These words can apply in other areas of your life. If they do... you are welcome.