# Rant1139


April 10, 2018

If we have just a handful of literates in a country, with really poor education cutting down the size of literacy and building a dividing wall between the enlightened and the semi-, realizing the semi-literates far outnumber the enlightened, which allows them (semi-literate) a more comfortable seat on the other side where illiteracy is the norm...

Can Democracy be said to be the best option for a people like this?

When over 85% uneducated, religious and very poor folks are giving the opportunity to make a choice, do they get to make smart choices? And if we don't start making smart choices, are we ever getting out of this conundrum?

If the millions are not readers or curious about knowledge, can they be trusted to choose right (even for themselves) at any time?

If the literates are more interested in reality shows and Instagram slay pictures, with not enough time to understand or appreciate or evaluate world politics vis-a-vis the sham of the political clime in their county...

Is it then wise to trust these numbers to make superior options?

If these large numbers (of illiterates and semi-literates) cannot engage analytically, even on matters regarding their own choices and future...

Can they be trusted to choose the right candidates in government?

If they are poor and cannot feed, can they think beyond their stomach?

Like borrowed religion, is Democracy really a good thing for third-world nations that are shameless and unprepared to take steps towards fixing their tragedy?

Can we trust ourselves to make sensible decisions?

America can afford to have Trump because the institutions are more powerful than a president. And that is why Trump is always so pissed. If only America was, say, Russia... He could PUT-IN a bit of dark narcissism to his rule and get away with it.

America has educational structures that get to every province and attend to the needs of young adults becoming more.

Nigeria still will not fully address and end sex-for-grades crime in universities, how much more aim for more.

I mean... sane people voted in Buhari, spitting on history as they claimed to be voting out another man.

Now they are badgering us about one Sowore man, trying to make him out to be some kind of saviour. 

We don't think. We don't reflect. 

Sigh.

It's all that copy-and-paste education you received that's messing with your head.

Do we really need Democracy? Are we not the kind of people to be led like sheep, and only obey when dragged like goats.

Look at China. A brilliant example of what a nation must do to save itself.

First off, take the power to choose from the millions who still cannot tell the consequences  or connect the dots around sex, children, no job and poverty...

Then empower the few who can make decisions on behalf of a staggering 85%.

Nigeria is terribly underdeveloped. The so-called democratic leaders are too greedy, the millennials are lost, the populace is indifferent...

And it is a great tragedy when these people, who make lifelong decisions based on branded palmoil and bags of rice flying off a campaign bus, get to determine the direction of the country.