# Rant1051


January 4, 2018

We need to promote secularism.  It is tiring to have religion as the bedrock of our actions, conversations, engagements and decisions.

It is laughable that a governor's wife would threaten us with "god's wrath" for criticising her husband's loftier aspirations. Such dirt cheap blackmail.

It is annoying to be accused of rape and your response is "god will fight for me". 

It is upsetting to pay for therapy and have the Bible pulled out of a sac to guide the session. There are over one thousand churches from the client's house to your office. If s/he wanted biblical counselling s/he would have made that detour into a church. Have small sense.

You can't even interview a Nigerian entrepreneur without the lazy response of "it is God". That is not how to show gratitude to a supreme being. You are patronising because if it was just about "god", try sitting at home doing absolutely nothing and watch how "blessed" you'd be. It is not just "god" in that insouciant manner, it is YOU doing alot of things that (may) allow for the blessing of God. Now, share what you did. Share it! Don't turn a business interview to a prayer meeting.

Go to Instagram, every single celebrity post - of  butt, boobs or new kicks, is summarised as, "God is faithful". Faithful how? Faithful to the length of your weave or the pout of your lips? Help me understand. Not one original thought. No wit. It is almost as if they are afraid of what a god will do to them if they didn't insert its title in random butt pics. 

It is puzzling to have a police officer tell a rape victim to forgive her rapist. But we hear these stories everyday. 

Religion corresponds with our inability to think. It dumbs down IQ, and is incredibly pompous in its lack of sense. That's religion. 

Secularism thrives for justice. Religion preaches some of the most inane forms of forgiveness. It's nerve-racking.

Religion is intolerable. It fosters inequality and justifies why people or why a particular gender faces subjugation.

It is troubling to realise that wherever you turn and whoever you have a conversation with, you won't be speaking to a rational human being, but some kind of extraterrestrial creature using "god" indiscriminately in every sentence to conceal his/her myopic views.

"God will sort it out," says the man with six children and a bricklayer job. If he didn't have religion, he'd have commonsense to understand that having six kids on a bricklayer salary is suicide.

If we take out religion from our everyday engagement, people will be more sincere in every area of life, especially in business. But with religion, we have fraudulent tailors who pay tithes and have the backing of a church/pastor when they defraud others. Instead of facing the full wrath of her crime, she hides under lame excuses which will finally be left in the hands of a god to address on judgment day.

Religion has made us mentally lazy. It is shameful. Our brains are soggy.

Religion distracts us from the important debates we should be having. Religion is pretentious and shouldn't occupy a major position in our future.

Secularism. End of.