# Rant1077


February 15, 2018

How women validate victimhood...

A man calls your "friend" ugly, then you all change your profile picture in solidarity - some will put up the ugly friend's picture, some will write epistle on how beautiful she is from within, others will put up "No woman is ugly" or "fat girls are fab" or "Men like flesh" or "Melanin is gorgeous"... or any other insane rachet-ness.

How, pray tell, can ugly be anything to defend if you are not all insecure?

Whoever called a man "ugly" and it became a national crisis that men had to gather to assure him he isn't ugly?

What is ugly anyways? 

It doesn't stop you from running a successful career or business, doesn't stop you from having mind blowing sex, doesn't stop you from travelling the world, doesn't stop your bank account from rising like flour.

Ugly does nothing to your overall being.

Women turn everything to frontpage headline. Things undeserving of even a minute thought.

We spend too much time worrying over things we can't change instead of focusing on the things we can create and build.

Acting the victim is lazy and soothing. It's the duvet that cuddles you at night when it's really cold. That sweet warmth.

If anyone dares to pull that duvet off, you will scream and curse. But it's just a fucking duvet, and you need to wake up and face the real world where "ugly" doesn't count and playing the victim gets corny, tired and unacceptable.

Wake up. Take what comes your way with your chest and keep it moving. 

Hopefully you all will do better with your time this year. Doesn't look that way from the trending topics lately - still as banal as ever, but... fingers crossed.

Good morning.