# Rant1052


January 5, 2018

The wonder of our average existence is that we believe we can excel, above average, on a 9-5 job.

Not as a career itself, but the hours.

From 9am to 5pm. 

It is almost impossible to work 8hours that also holds sufficient time to jump on twitter, snoop around instagram for controversy and murder, and post a load of opinions on Facebook, yet expect to be successful. In those work hours, you take an hour lunch break, gossip a little with colleagues, make a few personal calls, and general faffing around... because, in some ways, our job is not the answer, it is the annoying distraction from what you really want to become. Which you will never become because life is a cycle that regurgitates it's own mediocrity. So you carry on giving half your average talent to work because you think you are doing your boss a favour. 

You can't build a successful career or life living like that. 

And that's what your Nigerian successful entrepreneurs will not tell you. 

You can't spend 5 hours everyday in traffic and be productive (without figuring out a way to give back those hours into work). You can't rush out of an office the minute the 5pm bell goes off in your head and expect to have a phenomenal career.

At some point in your life, you have to decide that for an entire year you will give yourself to a job wholly, without fear or shame or worry or even without reward. 

I want to challenge, right here, the idea of multi-tasking and how much of it is pure fuckery.

They tell you that you can have a very successful career till 5pm every weekday, then afterwards you need to run home and into a kitchen to cook soup and feed a family, then wipe a baby's diaper shit, then clean and wash and surender your body for sex and wake up by 4am the next morning and do it all over again.

They tell you that is a balanced life.

Apart from the sex, of course, I cannot think of anything more traumatic than living that way. And just because every average person lives that way doesn't make it cool.

Think of any truly successful person that had to leave his or her job by 5pm to pursue other random and exhausting stuff, and I'll show you someone who isn't telling you a complete story. 

The wealthiest female Nigerian is busy telling women to wash their husband's clothes as one of her tips to success. Another one is talking about cooking as the road to a woman's success. And on and on. That is their defintion of success when they own oil rigs or married to wealthy men. They are not sharing their truths because they do not care about your success. 

I am almost certain that an average woman with a husband and young children and Wednesday-Sunday religion and owambe and family gathering and cliquing will never succeed beyond a certain level...

Because success demands sacrifice. Was it Picasso who painted until he slowly lost his sight and still wouldn't stop?

If you've read the stories of really great people, you'll realise how remarkable their lives are. And how far from remarkable your life is. And why you are not deserving of greatness. 

They live out of the box, naturally. 

We want it all, it is what average people do. They want the job and the children and the marriage and the vacation and the bunch of nice words from random people, and the beauty and 100 likes for dumb posts that any rat with a tail would decipher. 

We aren't ready to sacrifice jack! But we want success.

When you pay for a motivational seminar and these folks would keep you busy talking about God. They won't leave Him alone and share their secrets - the fact that they sleep just 4 hours a day; the fact that they haven't had time to have a chat with their children in months, the fact that their marriage is coming apart at the seams, the fact that they suffer dysthymia and  suffer panic attacks when around many people...

They won't share the pain and sacrifices that come with greatness, because they think little of you.

And it is true. That we have not yet figured out that the superwoman title is a hoax, is part of what our failure is made of.

I am no superwoman. My relationship with men have suffered greatly because of work. I cannot stop picking office calls even whilst on a date, or engage in work discussions in the middle of foreplay; and the sad part is I love it. I love those work related distractions and interruptions.

At least I have found myself and what makes me truly happy. What about you? Because this superhuman tag is what is keeping you average.

You can't have it all. Maybe you can. Maybe you can be everything - jack of all trade from kitchen to bedroom to boardroom to red carpet to spa to nail studio to therapy to salon to church to hangout to rehab to parties... maybe.

But to really enjoy success is to FOCUS. It is why men have a history of (more) success than women, because the privilege of being born male requires zero multitasking skills. As his only true skill is to succeed. 

Be born. Get an education. Succeed. Period. 

But women?

Be born. Be devastated by your gender. Be tutored by society. Be judged by religion. Be relegated by culture. Be shamed by men and women alike. Be schooled on submission. Be expected to carry the burden of all. Be the nurturer. Be the one willing to live a few step below the ambitions of a man. Be the one on the shelf, waiting to be picked. Be the one judged by the number of sexual partners. Be the one ashamed of having small breasts or big breasts. Be the one rejected for having small buttocks. Be the one led to the slaughter house for possessing big buttocks. Be the one to catch a man through pregnancy. Be the one to marry. Born boys. Hold a career. Hold a title in church. Forgive all. Love all. Feed all. Suffer for all.

Yet these women, the ones who manage to lift their heads high and achieve something, have the audacity to continue to speak along this path that leads to depression, and in some cases, death. 

If it is not too much to ask, take one year out of your life and FOCUS on one thing. Pursue a goal wholly. Sleep on the corridor of your office. Dream and eat that job and do nothing else except succeed on that job. Then see how much of a difference it'll make in your life.

If at all it doesn't change anything, at least compare it to cooking for a broke boyfriend all year round and still getting "dumped"; you'll realise slaving at a job is a better pick.

You will, without a doubt, become a better person. Maybe not richer but better. And that is success.