# Rant1150


April 21, 2018

Last week, I was driving from my apartment at Lekki and I saw something.

I looked up at the sky and I saw light moving swiftly. The unidentified object moved in and out of clouds. 

It moved slowly through sombre clouds, at first, then vanished. Only to reappear a second later, took a dip in, did a quick swirl through chunks of clouds, then vanished again.

I stopped my car and blinked. Like... what the fuck did I just see???

I looked around me - at busy Nigerians going about their business, and I realised I was alone in this discovery. 

Nobody was looking up in the sky!

So I asked myself, when was the last time I looked at the sky? I mean, actually look at it, not to detect if it is about to pour rain, but to see the sky for every cloud and every experience...

I haven't done that. Ever.

I freaked out, my people. Because I saw an unidentified fucking flying object! And nobody else saw that shit at that moment it happened.

We do not look at the sky.

Probably why Europeans find these mystery objects moving in the sky, because, for them, staring at the sky is a pastime. They sit on rocks in the woods or at the park or close to their windows at home or office with a cup of coffee just to delight in the beauty of the sky.

That is not our thing. 

Here, we look and frown at it only when it wants to rain. Lol!

I feel there is life up there just as we have down here and deep into seas.

I saw a UFO, peeps. I swear it.

And when I told this my man... he was looking at me as if I'd had too much Bailey's. 

Sigh. Lol!

Not a drop in my system that evening. I was clear-eyed and I saw it.

*Shrug.