# Rant1320


October 20, 2018

I saw the cutest little girl from the unfinished  building over the fence from my apartment.

I was tidying my trash on the first floor, placing it into a larger trash bag when I heard a little voice say...

"Good mooorning!"

Yes, she dragged the "morning" like a Disney princess.

I was certain it was not directed at me. Of course it couldn't. I don't talk to anyone over the fence or even within the fence. 

But I was curious enough to turn... and there she was, at the edge of a door with an empty plastic cup and a toothbrush, trying to have a good look at me from under the leaves of a tree hanging low from the waste they call home, trash and stagnant water at the tip of her leg.

She waved at me. I waved back. I smiled, then I chuckled. And she smiled too.

At that moment I wanted to give her some chocolate I brought from London.

And I realised I had boxes of clothes my children don't wear anymore, stashed in my Festac apartment... and shoes... lovely shoes they probably wore once or twice... 

I wanted to have her over for a cup of hot chocolate drink. Invite her to see another side of life, just over her fence - a sharp distinction from her life, you know, something she could aspire to - not as someone who wants to take, but someone who must allow for fair and symbiotic transaction to occur in life.

Children never forget these things.

I thought so many things in 30 seconds. 

She was still standing there... hoping. And I stood still for a second too... hoping.

Then I closed my door slowly.

I remember I would have to deal with her parents - poor Nigerian people, riding on the high places of sycophancy, believing to be inherently deserving of privileges or special treatment encouraged by their daily prayers and weekly religion.

Parents who do not posses her innocence, her charm, her undefiled integrity.

These people I hear fighting every day, praying every day, subbing every day, living the pepperdem life amongst themselves as if unaware they are at the very bottom of the value chain.

I locked my door. Sighed. And wondered how beautiful it would be if both of us (the little girl and I) were to be characters in a book I was writing...

With the liberty of art, I could mute her parents... or give them a dose of amour propre so I can fulfill a kind friendship with their little girl without dealing with their annoying/desperate habits.

But we are not characters in a book. We are Nigerians... and Nigerians do not know how to make acquaintance without being blinded by covetousness.

I can't be friends with the little girl without dealing with parents I KNOW will be terribly beneath human decency and dignity.

We know these stories.
.
How I really want to sit with a little girl so brave who could say "Good moooorning" in the chirpiest, sweetest ring to her voice.

I just want to ask, "How are you? Are you happy? Do you like to read novels? Will you like to see 'Small Foot' at the cinema?" And gist her about my daughters.

Children never forget the experience. She will cherish our friendship for a very long time...

Until her mother taps her one day, "That aunty wey dey greet you everytime, go ask am for small rice. And tell am say you nor fit go school again because your papa nor get N10k to pay for textbook. Oya go!"

It would not happen just once, it will continue until they lose their last shred of respect and drag my goodwill in the mud.

These stories, we know them. Sadly.

😐
.

PS: It's amazing how fast I wrote this, 'cos this happened only a few minutes ago.