# Rant1356


November 23, 2018

Looool!

So I was buying groceries at the store the other day. I was on the phone with a friend and I was saying...

"It sucks that I can't find anyone I can casually hang out with on a Friday night."

When I ended the call, this woman beside me, pushing her own trolley, smiled and said...

"It sucks that I can't find any man who will casually give me money to invest in anything."

I frowned at her. But then I saw that she was chuckling, harmlessly. So I chuckled too.

"You look like you won't have any problems in that department."

"What department?" I asked.

"The part where a man has no qualms taking care of you."

"Why would you say that?" 

"You are pretty," she winked.

"Oh that's so cliche," I laughed.

"And you use 'cliche'. Men like pretty women who use words like cliché," she giggled, "You are hot cake, aren't you?"

"No I'm not hot cake. I'm 41 and I'm a writer."

"And you say your age so casually. I'll definitely fall in love if I was a man."

She's an older woman, early 50s perhaps. Mixed race. Pretty. Grey. Eyes full of wonder. 

"And you don't look a day older than 33. I'm sure you hear that alot," she added.

Now I'm thinking she is a follower on Facebook. But I didn't ask.

"Why don't we trade places," she said, "you take all my hang-out friends, and I take all the men who love you."

"Men don't love me," I rolled my eyes.

"I'm sure they do."

Hian.

She teased me all the way down the shopping aisle we shared together, until I took a detour.
.

I just remembered her now because I still think it sucks that I am so bad at friendship and I don't have one hangout buddy on a Friday night.

That's how I lived in Festac for 30 years and I didn't have one friend. 

And the only friend I had who knocked on my door whilst I was having a bath, worried that I may have slipped and died in my apartment, I couldn't wait to get rid of her 😂😂😂

I am so weird.

But I need a hang-out buddy 😭

I want to dance too. 

I want to do a lot of things actually 💅💅💅

I hate Nigeria!

#fridayblues