# Rant1135


April 7, 2018

Follower: Hi Joy, please teach me how to get a good man.

Me: I dont know.

Follower: Please, just a few lessons. I don't mind paying.

Me: Pay for what exactly?

Follower: How to find a good man who loves me, cares for me and adores me and spoils me. 

Me: How am I supposed to know how to find you a man like that?

Follower: I really don't know who else to ask. These pastors are not helping. I've been to every Singles forum. They keep praying for singles, yet nothing. I've paid for many dating seminars. I still can't find a man to buy me handkerchief not to talk of sponsoring important projects. Is there something men look out for that I don't have?

Me: I don't know you, so I don't know what you have or have not.

Follower: I am a nice pretty shy woman. I like to help people. I am kind and I mind my business.

Me: What are your flaws?

Follower: Flaws? Hmmm. I'm just quiet. And I'm too soft, people take me for granted. But it's all good.

Me: Know your flaws, then you may find a "good man".

Follower: How? I will like to know my flaws so I can work on them.

Me: I did not say you should work on your flaws. What's the last thing you read today?

Follower: Like a book?

Me: Anything you read in the last hour.

Follower: Instablog.

Me: What about?

Follower: Somebody that yabbed Toyin Abraham for telling her colleague "welcome to the club" when he got married.

Me: What are your thoughts.

Follower: I just laughed and said it is true sha. She is divorced, so which club. Lol!

Me: I am divorced too, and you are in my inbox begging me to help you get a man who will look at you longer than a minute and buy you something better than a piece of handkerchief.

Follower: But it's instablog nah. It's just fun.

Me: You are a troll, yes?

Follower: No oh.

Me: What else do you read?

Follower: Yaba left, gossip mill...

Me: And you leave comments, yes?

Follower: Yes, sometimes. I just drop yabs and go. I just catch my fun.

Me: You are bitter, aren't you? Leaving lazy comments on those platforms that kill brain cells. Comments rid of critical thinking. That's another flaw.

Follower: Ah!!!

Me: What do you post on your Facebook wall?

Follower: Food. I like to cook.

Me: Like a chef or just a regular Naija girl cooking soup?

Follower: Man must eat. If I find a good man, he has to eat nah. I'm just selling my wife material oh. Lolzzzzz

Me: I haven't cooked a pot of soup in over a year. All the meals on my wall are made by a chef or a cook or at a restaurant. Are you sure I am the person you should be talking to about finding a "good man"?