# Rant1086


February 22, 2018

There’s nothing, absolutely nothing, that should justify celebrating last position. This celebration of the Nigerian bobsled team is confusing.

So they came last. But they “won the hearts of the world” because they are the first Africans to participate in the winter games? 

Help me understand how your first entry to a sport allows you to celebrate your failure in that sport.

Except they claim it is not a failure. They claim it is personal victory. They defeated their personal and collective (allow me to add, national) limitations by participating in the sport, therefore it is worthy of celebration.

Whew. Only Nigerians.

As a parent I am worried that there are no true stories of success or heroism to share with our children. 

First off, nobody is sharing stories worthy to be heard. Not even celebrities. Everybody seems to have been saved by Grace. You see it in their updates: "Saved by the blood and body."

Jesus Christ with the body oh/ Jesu Kristi with the blood (in Dice Ailes voice)

This false humility makes it seem as if everyone got to where they did without an authentic story to begin with.

Secondly, mediocrity is hailed as heroic and brilliant. 

So I am going to tell my kids that it is OK to be the first Nigerian to attend a school… and it is still perfectly OK, in fact worthy of celebration, to come last in class when it is time for exams.

Nobody is rattling or questioning the status quo. Everybody blends in, afraid to have a voice different from the choir. Herd mentality. It is what you go to your religious centres to attain.

If an American comes last in a competition, they will disappear from the face of the earth, back to solitude… until 2022. Then re-appear with ten times the determination and skill…

Then a story is made.

You say the Boblsed team made history. The idea of “making history” is supposed to ride on significance, influence, and probably greatness.

In 2018, we don’t celebrate what happens first. We celebrate who wins, first.

Failure inspires, but not in a way that deletes a moment of grave concern for loss. We must first recognise that we lost, be sorry for it because it is becoming a trademark to always be last at everything. All of that must sink in, before we decide to see the good in our failure. If there’s any good at all.

I know this will annoy a lot of people, this rant. 

But I have said what I want to say. There’s no place in this world that should make it OK to celebrate the “remarkable” position of coming last.