# Rant1402


December 27, 2018

Today, I was shopping at Office Everything for TAAC.

A male rep attended to me. He was professional and smart.

Then we had to move the stationery and office items to the cashier desk.

There I met a woman - The Nigerian Woman. Long nails - so long she had to punch the keyboard with the tip of her nails. Makeup on fleek. Attitude - zero.

I turned to Roberta and said...

"See the difference between the male rep customer service and this woman's"

Roberta nodded.

We know these women. We have met them many times in the course of growing my businesses.

She was too casual, too informal. We ignored her.

She printed out my receipt - N54,760.

I knew my money should be more than that. I bought a HP printer for crying out loud. I bought whiteboards and many other office requirements.

So I told her to give me the receipt so I could check the items I bought.

As I suspected, all the items I bought cost N75,245.

This woman is costing her company over N20,000!!!

And in all of her glowing incompetence, she rolled her eyes and said,

"Nobody is above mistake."

I know her type, so I told Roberta to check if all our items were in the basket just as we were set to leave.

Alas! The woman forgot to place some of the items in our trolley.

I just burst out laughing. 

If you ask this moron what is holding her back in life, she'll tell you men are not making it easy for her to move up the ladder.

F.a.c.k.i.n.g d.u.m.b.a.s.s.

All she had to do in this world is gather office items and punch in figures into a computer... YET she couldn't even succeed at that... YET carried the worst attitude on her shoulder...

YET!!!

Incompetent, rude, mediocre. A total weist! A breathing human with no real value, no real purpose... just breasts and a.s.s and s.t.a.n.k.i.n.g attitude. 

I lost it oh!

By jove! I lost it!!

She was rude when we stepped in, incompetent through out our stay, and had the nerve to cap it all with... 

"Nobody is above mistake."

She was going to cost her employer N20,000+

Oh! I went H.A.M on her. It was raining tsunami!

Only Roberta can give y'all the full gist.

*mscheeeeew!