# Rant1332



Octoer 31, 2018

Watching Crime and Investigation last night, the series documented events in one of the toughest prisons in America.

The prisoners were yapping to the reporter about missing their goddaughter's birthday, not being there to take care of a grand parent, not waking up next to a kid, missing Thanksgiving and Halloween, missing good meals...

They all complained about the food.

"It's dog food they give us here. Actually my dog eats better than this," one prisoner said lifting a spoon of whatever he had in his plate.

"This is what pigs eat," another one said.
.

The reporter also interviewed the Head of Prison in his office.

The man scoffed and said...

"If they don't like the food, too bad. If you don't want jail food, don't come to jail. I plan to take their butter soon, so I can save one hundred thousand dollars of taxpayers' money." 

They also interviewed one of the prison guards and he said...

"I don't have sympathy, but I have empathy."

What that means is, he may feel empathy for the inmates when they fall sick and need care. Of course, they'd be attended to by a doctor.

BUT he doesn't have sympathy to connect to whatever reason that brought them to jail.

"My mother was sick, so I had to shoplift..."
"I am addicted to cocaine. I do crazy things when I'm high..."
"My son needed some milk and I had no money so I robbed the house across the street..."

Yada yada.

No sympathy, I'm sorry. Because as an adult you must create as many legitimate ways of meeting your needs and solving your problems. Crime should never be one of them.

"I am a single mother, a lowly employee with four children. That was why I stole from the company."

No. No. No.

You are an adult. Find another approach, away from committing a crime, to addressing your predicament.

We have the power to create opportunities for ourselves.

Sympathy says, "You are hungry? I'm so sorry for your plight. Eeyah. Have a bite of my fish in my plate."

Empathy says, "You are hungry? Ok. Will you like me to teach you how to fish so you can stop being so damn hungry all the time with zero means of providing for yourself?"

Empathy trumps all the pity in the world.

It's the reverse for third world societies, bridled with religion.

We connect to pity so easily, so quickly, it's almost as if we thrive  and wait for someone to feel sorry for.

In Nigeria, the first reaction is to ask for the criminal to be forgiven, especially if they are poor... and especially if they steal from a rich person. If they manage to throw God into their confession then it balances the concoction for pity.

"Forgive him nah. Haba. Na hunger make am tiff de money." 

And you are expected to forgive because, well, pity is such a cool sport in third world countries. 
.
.

The prison head said... "If they don't like the food, too bad. If you don't want jail food, don't come to jail."

There's a lesson there. And it has nothing to do with inmates, jail or dog food.

Find the lesson, and I hope it serves as necessary wisdom this Wednesday.