# Rant1080


February 17, 2018

In 2017, a few sickos applauded a wife who murdered her husband as justification for women, nationwide, suffering domestic violence.

It didn't trend. The white-washed moron and her silly post didn't make it out of Facebook.

If you turn the tables around and one of those typical boys, like a rash, had insisted a woman's murder was justified in some ways... we would throw his really dumb head to the dogs. 

The idea of feminism, as I believed, was allowing women dream a little more than they allow themselves. And when I make comparisons, it is to point women to the direction of men as inspiration.

For instance, I am inspired by Mo Abudu. How she runs an empire and still looks so good... and still go on cool dates with Don Jazzy - a younger man. Whoop! 😂 

When I think of a good life, I don't think of a woman in a house, married and tending to young children. It doesn't in anyway appeal to me. And unless my children desire this, I would wish them a life totally far from this. 

It is on this premise that I became a feminist - to discuss other narratives. As it seems the only narrative for women in Nigeria was to become a "family woman" in the most uninspiring manner. And it didn't appeal to me. I suspect, also, it wasn't the dream of many women. But they were too afraid to say this. So we all pretended we loved the heat from the kitchen and the screams from toddlers and getting married to average men.

So deep was this narrative that even wealthy female businesswomen would tie their success to cooking at dinner for a family. And you wonder how that relates to building an empire.

So the feminist conversation had to happen - to find ourselves and decide who we are.

But then, like everything Nigerians put their hands on, feminism became a bad joke. I couldn't touch it with a long stick moving forward. Its best representatives were clearly young and ignorant girls and women who still can't pay their own tuition or dinner or rent, yet insist that they be treated, not equal, but privileged.

Well, I don't even think the idea of equality makes sense. Society should provide equal opportunities, yes. That's what feminism should work on. But equal outcome is what you as an individual must achieve on your own.

If you have equal opportunity by acquiring an IT degree, for instance, and you then decide to trade your IT degree for a chance to be married to a carpenter and have five children, then that's your outcome. Even if you did better than the man in school, he used his to pursue an IT career and now owns Andela, getting millions of dollars from Mark Zuckerberg - something like that.

Would it be fair for Feminism to badger society over your choice, insisting you deserve just as much? You made your choice - you decided to turn your IT degree to paper plane to amuse your children. And as long as it makes you happy... then what the fuck are you feminism-ing about?

You train women and they end up in average homes. You train men and they use their degrees to build business and employ others. That's a reality. 

They say the idea of feminism is for women to live however they want - housewife, executive, trailblazer, scientist, pornstar whatever.

Do we give men those same privileges to be whatever they want? The only kind of men we recognise are working men. Nobody understands a broke man or a jobless man. I've been trying to understand these category of men for a long time, I don't. I never will.

Ok. Now I am not sure where this is headed but I was thinking more of equality and the fact that it is a farce. We are not equal. Our outcome determines that we are never equal as human beings. 

But we are human. And whether or not our outcomes are unequal, we should treat the next person with decency.

So feminism is not the ultimate goal. Being humane is.