# Rant1059


January 15, 2018

I need to make friends on the Island because, well, I now stay on the Island. 

My life is quite easy, you see. I do the work I love by day, and at night, I sleep in absolute comfort. So I am not looking for people who'll complicate my life, biko. 

I need hang-out pals. After-work buddies. Trust me, I still smell fresh and nice even after work. I have brown skin and I have curious eyes and I have dimples. I like to talk about everything, except football and African politics. My voice is a song and then it's a storm, all at once. I play around with falsetto. I am terribly sarcastic. And I get a lot of things (except when I don't). I am always learning, even in absolute silence.

I don't know too many places around here. HardRock café is not too far from my hotel, but what's the fun hanging out alone, right? I want an equal or someone notches higher. I want to be in awe of someone else's intelligence. Whew.

My after-work buddy can be male or female. 

Male. 
I want an enlightened, charming companion who knows how to hold a conversation, turn it around, shake it, break it, and mold it back like expert hands with clay. 
You all know my type: Omoluabi or nothing else.

For women, I don't want slay queens, please. I don't care about your LV collection. We can talk about stuff but not about "victimhood".  I don't have a wide range of empathy, so many things will have me rolling my eyes. I am a very practical friend. 

I want to hangout with a strong woman who knows who she is and not easily swayed by frivolities. Smart with plenty good sense.

For a man, be confident. And you have to actually like me. You know? I am not your guy. I am a woman. Some level of sexual attraction even if not fulfilled is a good boost to anybody's morale. 

I don't have too much time to give, but I have enough. I know the hangouts will help my creative juice for the good work ahead.

We can do dinners, movies or drink&chat, we can see Plays. No calls during day. I surrender my day only to purpose.

I looooove long calls at nights or long chats. As long as it isn't tilted towards nonsense. (Note: long chats only when there's a heterosexual attraction. Other than that, my fingers are tired).

I doubt I'll be able to travel for summer this year because I am building WRITERS INC, but I hope I find a good travel friend for when it'll be necessary. 

That's it.

PS: I had a very good day, thanks for asking y'all.