# Rant1091


February 25, 2018

Do not be tempted by the devil to gather boys in a hall and tell them...

"Do not rape women."

This is not only sexist, this solves absolutely nothing. 

Rape is a crime. Crimes are not committed by everyone of a particular gender. Crimes are not treated that way. Criminals are criminals. Men are men.

This idea that every man is guilty of the actions of rapists anytime a new case hits town... the badgering of every male to feel responsible for the actions of a few other men unknown to them is troubling.

It also doesn't make much of any sense to tell a group of men to...

"Talk to your fellow men."

What does that even mean?

Do you really think a rapist will change because of random male advice? 

Do people change that way, especially criminals?

In America, there are statistics that show, after release many criminals are re-arrested for similar crimes in a not-so distant future.

It is the nature of criminals to continue living out their true form. You call it crime, for them it is the life they know. It is why one of the metrics for civilised societies is the ability for the richest or poorest of citizens to get JUSTICE. 

The penalty of a crime is the best bet to reform criminals. But sometimes retributions are nothing close to the pull to be reprobate. On a scale of staying out of prison or commiting a crime again, for many criminals the latter holds a stronger urge.

So crime wins a huge chunk of the time.

Rehabilitation is great and all... but humans are set in their ways, their addictions and their habits.

This also applies to burglars, drug peddlers, petty thieves, con men, even human traffickers.

Rape is a crime. Yes, it is committed mainly by men. It still doesn't make it the responsibility of all men to address rape.

How about the mothers who raise entitled boys? How is it that we do not remind mothers to groom better men? Or tell wives to report the paedophiles they call husbands?

And while we are at it, can women stop saying...

"I have to protect myself (from rape)"

...as if it is a terrible thing to be responsible for your own protection. It is your job to protect yourself.

We protect our cars. We protect our houses. We protect our possession. We should protect ourselves from rapists. Yes. It is what we should do. It's not a burden to protect yourself. So don't make it out to be a terrible suggestion.

We protect our cyber life from hackers. We protect our monies. We protect our businesses from dubious people. We get patents to protect our rights from excluding others from certain inventions.
.
It's cute and all to stay out late by 1am, walking the streets with a few girly friends, heading home after a fun night...

But you may bump into a rapist on the way. 

It is not the fault of any other man; it is not your fault either... But If you were moving with the knowledge and wisdom of the times, you'd know that it is not cool walking the streets by 1am without, at least, a gun. 

When victims/others are reminded of their responsibility of safety, it is not victim-blaming, it is common sense.

The problem is, we think Rape and Rapists are social issues that can be solved when, you know, we have a chat with these vile creatures. Or the "matter" can be resolved when a rapist is taken to church and prayed for or hear the Word.

It is why we treat rape so casually - even our so-called anger is casual; begging for rapists to "change", harrassing other men to change them. 
It is why women do not still understand NOT to sleep in a fucking stranger's house or carry on flippantly with anything or anyone that puts you in harm's way. They, rapists and victims and society, think it's a little problem that requires scolding of both parties.

Smh.

We think rape can be solved via chit-chat; it is why we have "faith" that rapists will change when we bombard random men on social media with the responsibility of "correcting" this error in the groins of their fellow men.

Nah.

It doesn't work that way.

YOU, as a woman, are responsible for your safety to some degree.

And rapists don't need chit chat. They need jail time.

Don't talk to random men who have no business with rape.

Talk to women married to paedophiles and covering their tracks; then talk to mothers who wouldn't let an arrest be made when her son rapes a neighbour.

It is unusual to find a father protecting a rapist son.

Just saying.