# Rant1324


October 23, 2018

Somebody tweeted:

"I am going to be one of the best writers to come out of Nigeria."

Nnedi Okoraofor, one of the best writers to come out of the WORLD, responded:

"Talk is cheap."
.

What did the person's friends and supporters and clique do? They tweeted:

Nnedi is so rude.

Don't worry. You will be greater than Nnedi. I will buy 10 copies of your books... yada yugu.

God will shame your enemies and uplift you.

How can Nnedi say that? Can't she encourage young people?

Let us rally and make this girl great (to shame Nnedi).

Yada...yugu...yigi...yudu.
.

You know what I learnt a long time ago?

Don't worry about people who attack you... Their friends will destroy them.

I have seen it happen too many times to care for revenge. The average person is destroyed slowly and deliciously by their friends.

The people around you - your clique - will keep you under.

Their love and support, as good intentioned as they may seem, is the ship that will sink your dreams.

Cliquing is a chore. And like all chores, it takes too much of your time.

Nobody ever became great dusting cupboards.

Chore.

.

Back to the matter...

Talk is cheap is NOT an insult.

"Talk is cheap" coming from an Nnedi is not only the best encouragement you can get, it is an encouragement that should be framed.

Indeed, talk IS cheap.

If one of the most revered authors in the world responds to your tweet with "Talk is cheap", how the fuck do you tell her " I am disappointed... I thought you were magic.. yigi yaga..."  

Lol! 

What are you?

Mad?

It's part of our upbringing to always resent the response that isn't smelling like flowers or coated with flattery.

"Talk is cheap" are the best three words you will get from someone who wants you to stop yapping on social media and GO DO THE SHIT YOU SAY YOU WANT TO DO.

Do it and yap about it in that order.

Until then talk, my darling, is cheap.