# Rant1350



November 19, 2018

Yesterday, after my Play, boyfriend took me out to dinner.

He was looking at me one kain...

"What is it?" I asked.

"I don't think you'll ever truly understand how brilliant you are," he said, "and I don't think I can ever get over the fact that I am dating you. You are magic, Joy. Your art is brilliant."

"Thank you," I blushed.

"You will stay with me, won't you? You will stay so I can worship you... and marvel at your art, your words, your audacity."

Awwn ❤

This man wanted to make me cry last night oh.
.

I've been telling him lately to find a regular girl... because I feel guilty sometimes that I have my head in the clouds. I feel he deserves something more stable, consistent.

"When you tell me to go find a regular woman it means two things: It means I am not outstanding for you and you need to move on..."

"No, that's not what I mean," I try to defend myself.

"Let me finish. It's either that OR you think I cannot love an exceptional woman like you."

"No, I didn't mean it that way."

"I know you didn't. But that's how it sounds. Stop telling me to find an ordinary woman. I don't want ordinary. I choose you - this bundle of artistic beauty, brilliance and chaos."

Please, I need a handkerchief! *sniff *sniff ❤
.

He dropped me at home...

An hour later, as I was about to go to bed... he sent a text message.

I was smiling in my dreams 😊
.

Today is International Men's Day.

I dedicate it to this amazing man who loves me without a fuck given to the world.

Enjoy your day.