# Rant1343


November 12, 2018

I don't think there's anything that grates my nerves like Nigerians' hoity-toity ignorance and highfalutin opinions that we present when we need to express how shocked we are of the country we live in.

Nigerians still act shocked by Nigeria.

Isn't that... shocking?!

There's no incubator in LUTH, we have to put newborns in cartons to preserve their lives. Nigerians are shocked.

The roads are bad so accident happens. Nigerians are shocked.

There are trailers on mainland expressroads. Nigerians are shocked.

Paedophiles are given a slap on the wrist. Nigerians are shocked.

The Island is flooded. Nigerians are shocked.

What kind of annoying pretention is this?

You mean you dont know? 

You don't know that Police officers, hungry for lack of good wages, can rob / have been accused of robbing innocent citizens???

You don't know that some primary and secondary schools in Lagos do not have roofs, chairs and tables???

You don't know University hostel toilets are not functional and students poop in polythene bags???

You don't know that Nigerian politicians would rather build a house in Switzerland than repair a patch on a bad road with authentic tar???

You don't know?

Or are you just stupid?

.

I remember when I used to listen to radio, Beatfm was my default station.

After work, I would travel from the Island to Festac. And I would have to listen to Gbemi make some kind of comparison between Island and Mainland every given opportunity. 

One time she said... "You know when you visit the Mainland, you can eat lunch in mainland traffic. They sell everything on the street. Gala... oh my goodness, they sell Gala in traffic... and La Casera... oh dear!"

And she would go on and on disparaging certain places of Lagos.

And I'd be in traffic, wondering... what kind of mentality is this?

I work on the Island... and right there in Ikoyi traffic, they sell gala and la casera and chargers and plantain chips and Isi ewu!!!

So what the fuck?

Now I live in Lekki... not Osapa not Ajah not Lekki-after-the-main-Lekki.

I am right at the very heart of Lekki phase one...

And I am wondering, where is this life that was packaged to be so different from the rest of Lagos/Nigeria?

That life "boujee" radio presenters dare to portray on air makes me wonder if it is not the same shithole we all are in.

It is similar to a very poor village with only blind people, and then a few persons have the opportunity to wear bionic eyes for aesthetics.

You still can't see, don't you get it???

You are still as blind as fuck!

Lekki is a mess. Ipaja is a mess. Ibadan is a mess. Aba is a mess. Kaduna is a mess.

Nigeria is a mess.

We are all in this mess.

Can we stop acting surprised? 

In this shithole, certain places are better than other places because they can afford the aesthetics.

It's all skin deep. There's no depth. So there's no point getting poetic about misery that we all know whilst pretending not to know.

We look stupid everytime we make an attempt to act superior to the overall decay of this country.

That was my issue with Humans of New York (HoNY).

A white man comes to Nigeria, hires Nigerians... and proceeds to tell us our own story.

A familiar story.

A story we all know too well.

And we are all on his page acting shocked by the stories of our sisters, uncles, mothers, neighbours, colleagues, drivers.

I don't get this kind of denial.
.
.

What this ultimately suggests is we need good leaders.

The thing about leadership is that it has to be tested.

And the way to test leadership is in the little things.

Do you even have a heart for the people?

-Because if you are one of those people who are constantly "shocked" by real experiences ordinary Nigerians face... the type of shock that isn't noble or kind but demands you to give a wide berth between you and the reality... then go and start a business and leave politics alone.

Old or young, Nigerians are very selfish people.

We are "family" people.

There are very few persons in Nigeria who don't care for "family". They care for honesty, integrity, passion, knowledge. And anyone who can bring those qualities become FAMILY.

That's a leader.

How many Nigerians do you think will forsake a family for the greater good of the authentic pursuit for greatness that inspires?

Do you know any? I think not.

We are a clique-driven people. We carry this attitude into the positions we hold in any capacity.

And that is why I will not support a Nigerian to win any election.

At the end of the day, it is his family first, his clique, his godfathers, his hailers, people he is indebted to, people indebted to him...

And on and on.

There are no checks and balance in Nigeria. 

It's status, position, and how well you can conceal your greed under well-tailored suits whilst doing exactly what a dog will do.

Jump queues etc.

I am tired. But I am grateful for my art. 

The artist gets to live nine lives. A vivid imagination with the gift of writing allows one to exist only when one decides to exist... and to create realities that suit ones desire.

That is how I survive this pretentious society.