# Rant1114


March 19, 2018

Our under-development is not nearly the crux of our troubles. It is our indifference to the austerity of over 180 million people that really gets my goat.

A child is raped in a school – a two year old child, the authorities have the nerve to call her a liar. YET there are still children in that school!!! Parents are using bibles and sick ideologies to justify the act of/ and vindicate a paedophile. We do not seek solutions, and we are too lazy to stand for anything. We concoct a reasonable lie from bad situations to keep us far away from confronting the truth.

Try molesting a two-and-a-half year old child in America, and see what your life will become in seconds!

*

Residents of Rivers State are breathing in soot for the last two years. It gets worse every day. The state government hasn’t addressed this… but there’ll be weddings every Saturday in the state. Flamboyant and colourful weddings that will beat Merkel’s wedding come May! There are lavish birthday parties ever other weekend. Clubs are opened, and customers will pour bottles of Hennessey on their wrists to prove that, well, money is plenty.

But you are breathing in soot! How can you be indifferent to your own lungs, your own health?

*

Lagos is dirty as fuck! But the richest individuals own the richest houses and cars anywhere in Africa right in the centre of a putrid State.

*

There’s nothing working in Nigeria, but we have #BBNaija to distract us. We have religion to distract us. Your bloody pastor needs to buy a car for his wife. That’s the topic for next week’s sermon. And when that offering is raised, then he’s going to tell you about keeping a happy home and how to love your spouse.

Are these really our concerns in a country with absolutely nothing?

*

There are no schools, no jobs, nothing… but we are giving birth to children. We are in some kind of competition on who is slaying better than the other on Instagram. Nobody is using their platform to build anything beyond self-absorbed projects.

We call it escapism. Well, hello! How long do you need to be in a trance? Wake up. Face your reality. 

*

When you see the average Nigerian and you review the state of the nation… it is the typical case of a wretched old woman with no food to eat and no wrapper to cover her nakedness who happens to have a daughter in the city, living in a mansion in Ikoyi. The harsh contradiction between who we think we are and the nation that we inhabit is what that scenario paints.

It is our indifference that is lethal and disgraceful.

A school lost 17 students in Florida. The students in that school, for the past weeks, have held rallies, addressed members of congress, met with Trump, confronted the National Rifle Association etc.

If that happens in Nigeria, 17 students shot, we will have parents thanking God for saving their own children. When the children speak up, they will be reprimanded by “elders”, reminding them that what a child can see standing, an elder can see sitting yada-yugu.

Fuck you! Really, fuck you and your sadistic ageism! This is how far all your grey hairs have gotten an entire nation.

But the sad part is, the younger generation – the “woke” citizens are more disgraceful than the leftovers of yore.

It’s me-me-me.

How good do I look on my sofa? It’s made of 100% Italian bullcrap. Can you smell the crap?

Is my hair long enough? It’s 90% Brazilian bullshit.  

Does my skin glow? Can I upgrade the filter on my snap chat? Do I pout right? Did you capture the label on my jacket? Does it tell how fucking rich I am just by standing next to that painting in my living room?

Aren’t you people suffocated by your own ridiculousness?

You are poor!

Sigh.

As Nigerians – as a collective, you are fucking wretched and poor. It doesn’t matter how much money you have for yourself.

What are we doing?

Our biggest conversations are weddings, childbirth, marriage abuse, cheating partners, sex, and slay pictures.

Once in a while we remember Buhari. We remember Ambode and his filthy Lagos state. We remember soot in Rivers state. We write a few yada-yada…

But the pull to be frivolous has a stronger hold on us than the need to be significant.

It is why even in a country that records quite a handful of billionaires, we still wait on South Africa and India to establish companies that meet our daily requirements.

The richest of us is a poor replica of the poorest child in a first world country with a dream.

What are we so happy about?

You got married, so what?

You gave birth to a child, so what?

You finally made it. Money in your account, so bloody what?

Look around you! Look around you, damn it!!

Shame!