# Rant1239

August 22, 2018

You don't know how much of a good taste your man has until you travel with your kids...

And as the only adult in this trio you can't seem to navigate the city the way he did when he brought you here and made you a queen.

You can't figure out something as simple as what to eat. You've fed the kids Indian food, thai food, yada-yugu food, but they don't taste as good as all the meals you had with that man in June.

You can't find your way around town with the same finesse that he did. 

You spent over an hour running around the airport the other day trying to get your shit together. That boyfriend of yours glided through the airport in minutes in June, holding your hand and commanding black excellence in a sea of colours and cultures.

You can't walk into restaurants you sashayed into only a few months back because your heart is cutting. The bill will kill you and make toast of you.

Money is running out fast. You call him to tell him, "I don't understand this dirhams oh! How can xxx money finish in just three days?!"

He laughs and laughs and laughs... and you know he is justified. 

You now have a good idea how much must have gone into your birthday trip/treat. 

You were busy picking everything your eyes lusted after on the shelf - your 'colour by number' exclusive Ted Baker dress. Your Michael Kors wrist watch. Your Aldo shoes. Your bags. Your Victoria Secret lingerie...

And when he told you (that) you could pick that jewellery... you looked at the price, gasped, looked at it again and shook your head.

"Take it," he said.

"No. I can't. It's too expensive!"

"If you want it, take it."

"I can't. I swear. I can't wear this with a conscience."

He laughed and shrugged.

He did it all without breaking a sweat.

But look at you now - with two kids, and you are counting dirhams like bridges.

You are grateful and full of love all over again for this man.

So you are calling him ten times in one hour!

"Honeeeeeey!"

He is giggling on the phone.

"What's up, love."

"Money is disappearing oh!"

"Of course, that's the whole essence of Dubai."

"What am I going to doooooo?!"

He asks you how much is left. You tell him.

"Use your card," he says.

You use your card. Zenith bank wants to kukuma slaughter you with exchange rate.

Ha!

You cry to him again.

"Dont worry. Use your card. It's fine."

The things that turned out right were the things he had total control over - flight booking, hotel booking et al.

All you have to do is spend the money he gave you...

Yet you can't buy a simple meal that isn't hotdogs and fries.

Chai.

I am eating this  icecream and oreos as a toast to this good man!

Respect!

❤