# Rant1153


April 25, 2018

A woman can tell the entire story of childbirth - running down the stairs, flagging down a cab, dealing with labour pain, giving birth to the baby 21 hours later... issues on breastfeeding and late nights, plus cranky baby... 

And at no point does she mention the father. 

Society has embraced liberalism so well that the question hardly happens.

I just went through a thread where a woman shared the story of her son whom she delivered whilst travelling to Germany. A stop-over in Turkey, and a few hours later, a child is born.

100 comments later and only one commenter dared to ask, "where is the father in all of this?"

No answer.

Everyone else continues airkissing and aww-ing.

I read that story and all I too could think of was the father. Where is the lover of this woman?

It's amazing how easy it is these days to remove men from the nuclear structure that requires raising children and building a home.

It is also frightening how this affects younger men who try to be responsible. It seems the important people in the family setting are the mother and the child. The man wriggles his way in and out. It's too convenient. We aren't placing enough responsibility on the man.

If a man were to tell the story of raising a child alone, people would feel entitled to know where the mother is. Because curiosity is healthy.

Not so common for the woman.

When the woman shares the story of a good man - she is scoffed at for lifting the man.

If she shares the story of an irresponsible man - she is shamed and subbed.

Either way, you lose.

So these days, they cut the man out of the picture entirely. And dare people quietly to ask!

If we continue to have the perfect family stories without fathers, lovers or husbands featuring... we may completely remove men from the family tree.

Like tippex on the wrong word in a sentence, or scissors cutting a picture in half.

Men are fading away in families.

They aren't held responsible for anything. They can decide to be good, bad or evil. Shitty or sincere. Privileges allow them to exist without proper consequences. 
.

I moved to a new apartment last year, I have a very kind relationship with my next door neighbour - a thoroughly decent woman - yet she hasn't asked about any father or husband.

But we talk every other day. She sends branded goodies to my kids and I shower her little girl with clothes and money.

Still... she hasn't asked the question.

It might seem liberal and modish, but I think its strange how easily we let men off the track of responsibility.
.
My elder brother told me several times to sue my ex-husband to court for not contributing a kobo to the wellbeing, education and lifestyle of my children.

And I have rejected that path because I know I'd be terribly bored with the kind of money a Nigerian court will approve.

I don't have time for shit. I am not going to have a pitiful session arguing over some retarded sum of money a court will decide is fitting for my kids.

Something like N60k a month, depending on how pitiful the situation is.

I didn't choose to live deliberately for nothing. The grass is not greener on the other side.

So no.

It is a tragedy that we can have lengthy conversations and tell the whole story of a woman giving birth, without a man/father featuring in it.

And it is sad how comfortable and common it is to read these stories and not wonder aloud where the other half of the baby-making exercise is.