# Rant1205


July 9, 2018

Listen, there’s no human being who’d not want freedom – freedom to be, freedom to choose. That is the essence of life, the reason for being. Freedom is the bedrock of our existence.

If you find limitations, boundaries and shackles to people’s freedom, you’d find culture, religion and social norms at the heart of it.

The humans who allow these institutions dictate what and how they should be have given their freedom to be scrutinised, revised and adjusted. It doesn’t mean they do not wish to walk in the shoes that hold no chains… they are either too afraid to defy these powerful institutions, too numb to fight or too dumb to know they can carve their own lives and paths.

There’s no human who’d rather not be free.
Why do we pursue money? Is it not for the ultimate freedom - to become?

So when people make comments that suggest a woman likes to be subservient or submissive, I just laugh.

No woman wants to be submissive. No man wishes to be under another. No human creation comes into the world to obey another. 

Children rebel because they wish to be left alone to do as they desire – on top of that list would be never to go to school, to just laze around and watch cartoons. But they don’t have the tools to be free yet. If they grow up and decide to give their freedom in the institutions of marriage, religion or culture… it is only because they have been coached by society and family to accept a way of life.

Is that not why many people hate their bosses? If they were financially independent today, they’d spit on a boss and take the next flight to Seychelles. They don’t have the freedom to make certain choices because they are limited by money.

It is same for women – professors and corn sellers alike. You all want to be free,  but you need to appease society, your religious denominations, your family, and all the other shackles that would be terribly hurt and upset if you ever step out of line.

Humans will make good a bad situation, just so they can convince themselves all is well. If you have never tasted freedom, you’d want to believe what you have – the life you live, is free.

It is not.

I will say it again – humans are not born to desire submission. It is a social construct sponsored by powerful institutions.

So keep telling yourself a woman chooses to be submissive. Keep telling yourself a woman chooses to serve a man. Keep telling yourself a woman wants to be “the neck and not the head” or any yada-yada that makes you sleep well at night.

Strip culture and religion and all other structures that tame the woman, and see if she will not grab a crown and pronounce herself king. And even become a dictator.

Why do you think some women beat up underaged housemaids like dogs? It's power. It is where they can display their own freedom, - in this case, to be abusers - just like the men they "love".

Why do humble Nigerian women go to London and become “independent” women, calling the cops to kick their men out if they as much as breathe in oxygen?

LOL!

This society enables subservience, that is the only reason we have submissive women.

So go home and look at your mother and all the years of unhappiness and unaccomplished dreams, and tell yourself she chose that life – to dedicate her life to you and a man to achieve your dreams while she rots, literally.

Tell yourself she chose that life and wouldn't have it any other way.

I'll be here laughing in Spanish.

Liar. Liar.
.
.
Be free or die trying.