# Rant1348


November 17, 2018

I've always wondered what it'd be like to meet a hater.

Everyone seems to like me when they meet me... so who are the haterzzzz?

Today, I met one.

Actually, she wanted to be "met", so I showed up in all my pettiness.
.

Hear the story...

Roberta and Tosin were distributing my fliers for 'Bad Women' and 'The Convenient Asshole' at Freedom Park. 

One woman, under the actionaid umbrella in an actionaid tshirt, CALLED them.

Note what I said... she CALLED my people - Roberta and Tosin, and asked...

"Which flier is that?"

"Joy Isi Bewaji's fliers."

This woman hissed, waved them aside and sniggered...

"I don't like Joy. She is joyless..."

Bwahahahahaha!

Roberta and Tosin tried to keep this sweet gist away from me... but da Lord did not let them rest.

So they poured out the gist on my lap... this was after I had walked ever so innocently beside actionaid canopy.

Roberta and Tosin were mumbling behind me...

"See how that hater squeezed her face when Ms. Joy walked by..."

"Who?" I asked.

Then they fed me the entire gist.

Damn!

So, like a true believer of 50 Cent...

I did a catwalk beside actionaid canopy... swirled, flipped my hair, smacked my gorgeous lips...

I turned to her, pointed at her.... and laughed the loudest laughter I could gather from the pit of my stomach.

"Is this the hater?" I said... then laughed again! 

She looked like a waste bin.

I walked away... but nah! I had to do it again...

So I went back...

"Actionaid! Hey you! If I were you, I'd hate me too!"

Bitter bitch! She knows Roberta. She called Roberta. She took my flier, knowing very well it was my Play... then she thought to disparage it... disparage me.

LMAO!!!

You are nothing. You know it. I know it.

This post I have dedicated to you is the best thing that happened to your life this year.

You know it.
.

There's a type of women who "hate" me.

They come in a kind of package.

They are ugly, pale, sad eyes, pained by matrimony, matriarchs of a flock of stupid women.

I know who the matriarch of this fool is... I know.

Look at me, then look at her... she looks like the remnants of the amala I eat in the office on weekdays.

Lunatic. Sad, ugly lunatic sitting under an umbrella.

And to think actionaid is an NGO... why should they have to hire a hater, ehn?

I really feel sorry for people like her.

To hate someone like me must be tough.

You are hating, while I have perfected the art of turning your hate into GOLD!

Watch me win... then go home and die slowly.

Tell your cake bakers and hate hanties you met me.

She will never forget what happened today.

I made sure of that.

Next time, don't touch my flier with your filthy hands.

You and I do not belong in the same world.
.

PS: Today, petty looked so fucking good on me.

💅💅💅