# Rant1323


October 23, 2018

You would have to sieve through one million Nigerian men to find one man with the mental depth, emotional intelligence, intentional lifestyle Will Smith projected in that interview with his wife, Jada.

Here in Nigeria, our first instinct is to shame, blame, destroy.

And because society allows and endorses shaming women in and out of a relationship, it is the first call men make when they feel it is necessary or convenient.

When you watch that video with Will Smith, you finally understand what the problem is living and dating in Nigeria...

It is that prerogative to be an asshole without consequences men are given by society that permits the constant shaming women must endure. It is the licence to be vile, insulting without judgment.

It is the privilege and permission granted to shame a woman that society endorses on behalf of men that have allowed for some of the most despicable characters to exist.

And unless you are going to date outside your country... you most likely will end up with a mediocre partner - with very little emotional substance.

One minute they are kind. In the text book of love, they are good people. But in reality, when the chips fall off, their first reaction is to humiliate or shame.

Ignominy towards a woman is their way of self-preservation.
.

I remember when I was a kid, a younger man asked my mother out.

She came home and cried.

I was barely 13, and I asked her why she was crying.

She said, how can a younger man ask her out.

For her, it was an insult.

Unless of course we are talking about vagabonds... but if a responsible younger man asks you out, I couldn't possibly see what the problem was.

And I told her that.

But now I understand her fears.

Fast forward to two decades later...

I have dated younger men. And when the relationship ends the first method to self preservation was to call out my age in any sub or form that they can carve to make themselves feel like victims of a woman with more experience.

And this is happening in the 21st century.

How can a woman still be judged by dating another adult younger than she is at this time of our lives? HOW??? This forever backward nation!

I'm just tired.

I don't have more experience. I am just older. My sexual experiences can be traced like a simple map. 

Even in a marriage, I wasn't having sex. I would go for months resisting sex.

In my present relationship, I am not having sex.

Prisca was saying, "I don't understand how you do not have sex. I just don't."

An acquaintance once said to me jokingly, "You have sexual chemistry with probably only 20 men in Nigeria. At least meet all of them and have sex... because it makes no sense that you are not having any."

The toughest thing in my life is sexual compatibility. It's a life-long struggle. So when I find it, I try to have alot of it at that period... because only God knows how long we will be together or when I'd meet someone with that kind of spark again 😂😂😂

You know?

The word is "enough". I am not having enough. And when you think about it... how much sex do you want to have in a country where the default for men (and women in their corner) is to SHAME?

Cringe all you want. I am an adult and I talk about these things because I CAN!

Clearly I am not afraid of anyone's shaming. I am smarter than a lot of people and their entire generation...

BUT if you live in a country like Nigeria, you are constantly going to have that banana and groundnut situation going on in your head before you can practice your right to choose, your right to civilised sexual encounters.

Will the sex be worth the unnecessary backlash you may receive from this dolt when it finally ends?

Will the relationship be worth it if he will eventually remind you (that) your age automatically makes him the victim when it's over?

99% of the time, it is not worth it. So you face your art.

The 1% is still a gamble. The risk you take hoping the result will be different.

It may not be different.

A woman like me can scale off anything. I only need a week or two to sit still and re-evaluate, and I'll be fine.

But not many women have my mental strength. 

I am not emotionally strong. My emotions are always in tatters... but my mind is a powerhouse.

I have placed my mind over my emotions. It's what you must do to survive this crazy country and the rules of engagement.
.

If only we could have men like Will Smith.

That kind of empathy and depth is a gift to a world that pushes the agenda of patriarchy, yet some men step over it and choose to be of a better stock.

It may seem like I am in a safe corner now, but for how long? And the fact that I think this way, advances the rules of patriarchy.

I am safe because it seems I am with a man who has his head screwed on right. Why should I feel "unsafe" when it ends?

Think about what our society does to women.

I mean.... a lot of you deserve to be treated the way society deems fit, because you participate actively in the corner of brutal patriarchy. 

I am not one of you.

I'll tell you a little something...

One of the reasons women run into marriages is for the fear and shame of living through different accusations from men they have been with. The constant need to blame, break, shame. The crazy idea of comparing women who are so different they wouldn't exist in the same planet if they could choose.

It's the life we live in this patriarchy nest endorsed and applauded ESPECIALLY by the accused - women themselves.
.

PS: I hope we can talk about these things at my event on Sunday, November 11.

Sex. Identity. Shame. Money. Feminism.