# Rant1354


November 22, 2018

This is Woman.
.

She knows this man is abusive. He slapped her whilst they were dating. He pushed her to a wall during courtship.

Verbal abuse was acceptable, managed and resolved through make up sex.

Still she married him.
.

Of course, the abuse she refused to walk away from continues. He beats her, calls her ugly, hits her, walks all over her self esteem...

But she remained, and bore children for him... making a monster a father.

At this point, in my opinion, she is just as monstrous as this man.

If you will bring a child into this world with an abusive partner, you are no longer a victim, you are an accomplice...

Because 50% of the time (jaguda statistics), an abusive spouse becomes an abusive parent.

And let's not forget that the victim in many instances, also looks for an outlet for her suffering. Sometimes she picks a helpless housemaid and inflicts on her the same degree of pain she receives from matrimony; other times, she turns to her own children - physically and verbally destroying their lives.

Yet, we spend time talking about saving women.

Grown women. Adults!

While we leave children/housemaids to suffer.

A woman in an abusive marriage CHOOSES to remain there.

If you really want to leave, no culture, no religion, no parent, no pastor, nothing will stop you.

"What will people say?" 

Are you a toddler?

Getting accustomed to pain is also a choice.

If you choose to remain, whatever outcome you face becomes your responsibility. It's your adult choice.

But what choices do children have?
.

You ask: "Why is she with her abuser"

They say, "She has children and she can't figure out life on her own."

You ask, "Why did she have children with her abuser?"

They say, "Is that not what is expected in marriage - to bear children?"

You ask, "Why did she marry her abuser?"

They say, "Love."

You ask, "Why did she love her abuser?"

Then they say you are victim shaming.
.

We must place some kind of responsibility on the woman who stays in an abusive relationship/marriage.

She is an adult. She is endangering the lives of children and domestic staff when she chooses to live with her abuser.

Take responsibility of your life and the lives you bring to this world.

It is not enough to claim that one gender is destroying this world.

It is important to note that the other gender is a fucking accomplice (literally and figuratively) all the time!

How do you sit and allow another adult like you destroy your life, and yet choose him over and over again, and still be free of blame?

How?

He breaks your head in the morning, and at night you have sex and get pregnant for a monster.

And you think in some ways, you are a victim?

No. There is only one victim and it is not you...

It is the foetus inside of you.
.

We can teach women how to rule the world and all that jazz. Cool.

But the most important thing to learn is Self Dignity.

And no boss lady status can make up for that.

If it could, women in high places will be free of abusive stories, but they are not. They too are wrapped up in all of the mess ordinary women suffer.
.

Apparently, talking to the abuser isn't working.

Why should it?

Power and abuse are hard to give up. You have to strip it off.

How? 

By telling women to BE adults! And make smart choices.

Leave your abuser!

No buts!

We've heard these "buts" for over a century. Different women, same story.

How do you give your life, your power, to someone else and expect them to be kind?

What if they fail to be kind?

Take it back. It's yours. Keep it for yourself.

Keep your power for yourself. Don't lease it to any man. Men don't give up their power, so why do you?

In this world, you will need it.