# Rant1102


March 8, 2018

International Women's Day is celebrated every year for the past 100 years.

The more we single out women and girls to be celebrated, the more vulnerable they become.

Yesterday wasn't a very good day for me. I got over 30 calls (and over 40 messages), I picked only three calls. I spoke my heart out to those three callers, I cried. Then I wiped my tears. Slept. Woke up. Grabbed an apple. And its ok now. I'm moving on.

If I allow my issue become a recurrent event that needs to be attended to daily, then I'll never find the strength to get up and go.

I do appreciate all the messages and calls I got, but to allow yourself to be vulnerable to that number of persons will not bring healing. It will trigger pity. It's too much attention on one person. And I don't fuck with that.

It's the way I see women being celebrated under a title or a theme since 1901. It allows for our weaknesses to be exposed and attacked. It's too much attention on one gender.

International Women's Day is a time to acknowledge the achievements of women, they say. In the same way I acknowledge my daughter's effort in making a pair slippers? It's just a slippers but as a mother it is, to me, as important as her building the longest bridge in the world. It's that log of love in my eye as a parent that allows me to see it that way.

But we can't groom half the population like that - celebrating their mediocrity.

Women aren't doing very much. They are not enough of them in politics, not enough in technology, not enough in science, not enough in mathematics or engineering... You know, in the things that radically make the world a brilliant and developed space to inhabit.

We need to quickly pervade society and get working! There are as more men as they are women in the world. A 49.5% population of women; in some cities there are more women.

It's not a case of minority. The numbers are enough. Let the numbers start to act.

Women are not special. It's a trick, you see. It's some patronizing bullshit. Even worse when they say it as it concerns childbearing. It's nature, damn it. It's the job of a womb to carry a child, and the only reason pregnancy happens with only women is because men don't have wombs. You can't keep showing the head of a child pushing out of a vagina as a reason to respect a woman. It's patronizing.

Just as I think this day set aside to mark women's "achievements" is patronizing.

Do you know the stuff men (I mean, real men) have done in this world?! Whew!

Enough please.

Women need to just go get shit done. Trying to always get the attention of the world to pause and "look at us" is a bit tiring and worn.

There's a lot of work to be done, and the pity-party must end. Reminding ourselves we are special for over 100 years hasn't made much of an impact. There should be more women ruling the world. What is stopping women is not the Patriarchy, it's women.

We stop ourselves. We get too comfortable with choices. Men don't have too many choices other than work and make a difference.

It's the way I see.

But pay no mind to this rant, celebrate. I've been called to speak at many Women's Day events and I had a good time speaking to women who wanted to be reminded that they were, well, special. So I did. I reminded them. That has happened every year. So, what do you plan to do with this "special"? Frankly, most of them just want to go and lie down at home. And its ok. Just don't make a gender under-performing to continue building excuses through world-wide themes and media tags.