# Rant1101


March 5, 2018

CNN Freedom Project has scheduled March 14 to raise awareness on modern slavery with the hashtag, #MyFreedomDay.

I hear John Kani’s ( T’Chaka in Black Panther) voice everyday on CNN's special report, crying: “I will not rest until every human in the world is free.”

And I want to laugh because he’d have to die ten trillion times, and every human would still not be free.

I applaud CNN’s effort to tackle modern-day slavery. I watched the undercover report that exposes slave trade through Edo state. The undercover reporter was told to have packs of condom – “Gold Circle and Kiss”, if she was going to have smooth penetration (pun intended) through the rough patches on her way to Europe, across Libya.

They call it a "shocking report", and I see it getting some kind of award for exposing this crime.

But I am not shocked, you see. I have watched that clip over ten times and I cannot see or feel the “shock”. You cannot be Nigerian and still claim to be shocked by anything.

Is it not in Nigeria that a two year old is raped by a supervisor in school and the school gets a SAN to represent the supervisor, calling the child a liar?

Is it not in Nigeria that children die in a school after drinking polluted water, yet parents are intimidated by authorities and these parents sell their birth rights because they have to continue to fit into society, and fit into their aso ebi, and still share laughter without becoming the rebellious outliers? 
Let everything perish, but the Nigerian parent must protect the camaraderie, as they are worth very little without the approval of others.

They say Africa is all about community. Indeed. We overlook everything just so we can remain a community with festering wounds and rot.

So slavery is going on in Africa. Its take-off point is in Edo, and women are told to hold their condoms.

I mean, they actually tell them to get prepared to be raped. I am impressed.

There are no lies here; nobody is telling anyone that it is going to be a smooth ride. No lies about a jet picking them up from the North. No lies about comfy beds on first-class flights. No lies about gourmet meals and easy visas. No lies.

Most of these “victims” make the conscious decision, with their families as support system, to go on this trip –WITH CONDOMS.

The families come together to sell all they have, just so one person can head to a place with no assurance if s/he’d find a napkin to cover himself when it snows.

YET we need to tackle modern slavery.

Isn’t slavery supposed to be something you aren’t aware is about to happen you? Do you consciously decide to prepare for rape and abuse and then be called a victim?

I think the world should stop trying to talk to the traders, they should talk, instead, to the "customers".

Business is business. If there are no customers, then the business dies.

Why are Africans putting themselves up for slavery?

Some of these families raise up to N500k to send their relative on this mission to Europe. So this is clearly not flagrant poverty at work. How is it that you can raise money for your child to go and die in the desert, but you can’t use that money to start a business?

For gods’ sake! What kind of shit is Africans made of?

Yet we need to talk to traders – the Africans who are selling Africans? So for a minute we shall keep colonialism aside, and finally tackle the real issue –Africans are idiots. Period.

We are not talking to the people we should be talking to. Talk to the people who put themselves in a position to be slaves. Fix their brains. Pull out the cotton wool from inside their heads, get the brain of some smart dead person, and fix it in the living.

Save the world form these stupid Africans.

Europeans are gathering together to end the slavery in Africa – a trade sponsored by Africans.

But we have Wakanda. We are excited about fiction (I had to throw that in. I love to watch these knuckleheads lose their minds. LOL!)
.
I was a panelist in one event at a University with some old politicians and young entrepreneurs some time ago.

I could tell that the students were in awe, and in a society where ageism is such cool shit, the speakers spoke AT them, made them cower with their faux intellect, and made the students believe they (students) were, in some ways, the reason Nigeria was the way it is.

I was so mad. When it was my turn, I told the students to stop cowering and ASK THE QUESTIONS THEY NEED TO ASK.

‘You are not asking the right questions. Stop cowering!”

After that event, I decided I wasn’t going to be part of any panel moving forward. I was tired!

We never tackle the important issues. We go round in circles and come back to the very start of our confusion.

Get Buhari in a room and gather Nigerians in that room and see how they will fall over themselves to commend him. 

I am so sick of breathing this pretentious African air.
.
It’s the same thing with African women. They are still blaming patriarchy for their failures. Blacks are blaming colonialism for its wretchedness. Christians are blaming the devil for their sins. Employees are blaming their employers for their poverty...

Deliberate victims of slavery are blaming the economy of their birth country. Children are blaming their parents for their abysmal shame. And on and on and on.

If you gather funds to go through Libya to connect to the sea, to get to Europe, YOU are not a victim. You are a conspirator and collaborator. You, more than anyone in this cartel, are a criminal.

#MyFreedomDay should focus on fixing the minds of this sick people who sell themselves for the fictitious tale of “golden fleece”.

I saw white exceutives in their suits, after work, sleeping at the fucking bus stop in Manhattan.

What do you think Europe holds for you that you sell yourself into slavery with hundreds of thousands of naira just to become a victim after being raped and beaten and spat on and jailed?

What kind of entitlement allows you to be a criminal and a victim of the crime you set yourself up for?

CNN, talk to the “slaves”.

Like prostitution, slavery isn’t going anywhere. Because there are people who want to fuck for money… just as they are people who want to, in some ways, be bound.