# Rant1066


January 31, 2018

In elementary terms..
.
.
.

Pity is an emotion I don't have.

I cannot feel "pity" for you. I would despise you if you make me see you as pitiful. Because you are a human being, and all I want to focus on is your humanity. 

Pity rids you of being my equal. And in the generic sense of liberalism, I want to see you as an equal.

When I see beggars lying in dirt, becoming an object under the sun and in filth, I shut down. I can't look. I don't want to see.

Because I believe that death is better than many conditions I see everyday.

Life is nothing if it cannot be great. And greatness is relative. It is mainly a personal conviction, a journey. Nonetheless, the main ingredient to greatness is the state of your own dignity. If it rids you of your self-respect then it is not greatness.

Your greatness is not necessarily in wealth. You could have little but impact your world greatly. That's gavitas. 

But to be lowly and pitiful, beggarly and trifling... I consider you in the form of an animal - not a lion, but a dog in the kitchen, waiting for a meal tossed by its owner to its dog corner. 

There's nothing cool about pity. And we must tell our children never to aspire to be pitiful, like many Nigerian are.

Empathy however is a beautiful thing. But to try to win empathy by being pitiful is an idiotic thing.

I can only empathise with the strong. Weakness doesn't seek empathy; it seeks to bring you down to its level... and I hate that.

Pity's best hobby is to take no responsibility for its suffering. It's always someone else's fault. 

You are not a good writer because your grandmother died on a Tuesday. Pity me.

You are stealing at your place of work because, well, your husband is broke. Please, pity me.

You are an all-round underachiever because "Nigeria tough gan"! Pity me.

The people who have the balls of life in their palms, juggling them successfully, do not have two heads. 

And the good part is, you do not have to be them. Fuck them and their success...

But in all your fucking, do not be a pitiful monster, an entitled reprobate. 

If you fail at something, own up to your failure. Don't tell me shit about your rent. 

Have some dignity. I'm tired of always stating that. If you are going down, go down alone. Go down like a "man" (make your sexist interpretations to this, ma niggaz, I don't care).

Take life and all its highs and lows with your chest.

And choose death sometimes. 

You are not here just to eat jollof rice. That's not what life is about. 

I believe there must be a meal better than rice in heaven, and a lot of alcohol in hell. So you are sorted even when you die. Don't live for food.

Live for a bigger purpose than yourself. 

And try not to make your shit other people's headache. But if you must seek help, then speak up, make your points clear, stand in the place of honesty, and don't try to drag anyone down the lane that leads to pity.

Just stop with that whole Nigerian mess.

If you have to work, work!

If you have a deadline, meet it!

If you have a project, do it!

Be a top notch individual.

Find your own space in this life and do great things.