# Rant1159


May 3, 2018

Oh dear!

I remember when the only thing that escaped the lips of "sympathizers" when women remained in poop relationships or marriages was the lazy retort...

"Stockholm Syndrome".

Lol!

Like... these peeps wouldn't let the full gist sit properly on the ground before bellowing...

"Eez Stockholm Syndrome. Haven't you heard of Stockholm Syndrome? Why judge? Why so mean? Why not Google? Why not learn."

Lmao!!!

It wasn't like they cared very much for the victim. It was a mental decay and weariness to THINK beyond the convenient and common knowledge available.

For having that many daft believers, I despised that Stockholm Syndrome business so much I must have done like 20 rants against it.

-Because I don't care the white man who researched that trash, I strongly believe in adults taking full responsibility for their decisions. 

See how far we've come from two years ago when every mentally lazy twat will fart out those words to reassure us that all is perfectly understandable why a man can drag a woman down the stairs, hit her head on the wall... yet the woman would still want to have steamy sizzling sex with him a few hours later.

I mean, that's just basic knowledge nah - Stockholm Syndrome pushes the woman to love and segz her abuser. Why couldn't heartless people understand that?

Toh.
.
Unless its BDSM and some high-end sadistic shit that turns you on, which gets your permission to be perverse and ruthless, just stop with all that victim entitlement.

It was a pleasure to slam that nonsense out of our vocabulary.

Now people actually confront these women to make better choices.

No Stockholm Syndrome left in our conversation.

Our daughters will grow up and own their shit. No lavish cozy psychological condition messing with your decision to wallow in poor choices.

We've come a long way.

Own your shit, you hear?

Toh.