# Rant1156


May 2, 2018

Kanye West opens a conversation on slavery. Take it from there. Liberalism will not allow his words drop to the ground before crucifixion.

Grow the conversation and stop whining. If Kanye is suffering mental disability, then the world needs more mentally deranged people, because your own mental ability is boring and hasn't done much for a continent desperately lacking in every basic facility.

Kanye's thoughts on slavery can build  discussions around present day Africa and the Libya route. It can help a continent understand why all of its people need to run away. Why first-world embassies are choked. Why America alone makes millions of dollars from poor Africans buying application forms.

It will address the issue of Edo girls in Italy. And why Nigerians gather all their worth just to take one child to Europe with no clue or direction how to survive, just an empty luck and prayers of "making it".

Kanye's words on slavery can lead to discussions on African's religous and political sychophancy. Why do we have more churches than factories and enterprises? Why do women permit pastors to insert fingers into vaginae as a method of transferring holy sperm?

If you will just allow the conversation to happen without being a hypocrite about it or falling in line to be politically correct.

Why are we so poorly developed? Why do we choose not to build our industries? Why is every worthy dream in Africa an elephant project?

It all starts from accepting that, in some ways, when a people are held down for 400 years... those people have accepted that slavery is not at all a terrible thing. And many of their kinsmen benefited from the system.

This conversation can take many routes. Why won't you let it happen?

Calling Kanye a mad man will not stop wretched under-development in Africa that has eaten itself to stupor. It will not stop second class lives of many African-Americans. It will not make racism go away.

Your politicans are madder than Kanye. The poor choices you make in your third-world settlements are mad - from having more children the system cannot protect or provide for, to marrying spouses off the top of your heads for no apparent reason other than ticking a box, to supporting octogenarians and/or sleek motivational ramblers with no proper direction on how to lead 200 million people.

We, as a country, existing for over 50 years without constant electricity or even something as basic as potable water, are madder than Kanye.

We need to address how a system can exist and be profitable for 400 years without failing to accept the support role played by the people themselves. It was a lifestyle that was acceptable. Like we accept Nigeria in all its decay. 

Millions of people will still vote in incompetence and bad governance.

So when the Nigerian story is told, say, some hundred years later, would it be fair to insist that it was not the fault of the common man to live below the acceptable standard of living, less than the life a dog in Canada? Should we, one hundred years later, blame only politicians for ruining our lives?

We failed us. And we are failing our children. Because conversations are stifled. The only people Nigerians care to listen to are pastors and politicians promising branded rice and groundnut oil.

Phew. Leave Kanye. We need someone who thinks out of all the boxes and into plenty sacred areas.

E-kill me already. So I can rise again more gloriously like I always do.