# Rant1220


July 24, 2018

It's difficult dealing with people who have emotional inhibitions with money. It is tough to build any kind of relationship when money is a deal breaker.
Am I supposed to build a career with sand? Am I supposed to be ashamed to give service in exchange for wealth? I don't get it! 

It's a black man's curse. Always hoarding for self and family. 

We don't get into partnerships.  We don't collaborate. Reason African travel itineraries are cumbersome and unsophisticated.

Deep down we do not want to see the other black person gain prosperity from our own wealth. Unless of course, we marry them, date them, call them mother, father, sibling or cousin.

The minute a relationship can be severed based on something totally unrelated to business, everything dies. 

I am always trying to wrap my head around this mentality.

Look at Europe, see how connected flights and lifestyle are. 

We travel there, enjoy their connectivity. But we come back here and become one-eyed individuals in a dark continent.

You can't get a straight flight from Nigeria to many African countries. It'll be easier to travel 20 hours to America than fly 6 hours to, say, The Gambia. Everything is complicated. 

I sincerely don't understand this idea of a simple tool as money being a dealbreaker in a working relationship.

Are we supposed to be asking for sand when we deliver service?

Negotiate. Yes. But don't act like money isn't the best stimulus that spurs great work.

Why would anyone want me to be shy about money? It's just a fucking tool for business!

Money! Something made for exchange. Why should I be humble asking for it?

We open businesses because we want to make money and create some kind of impact. Yet money in black businesses is some kind of taboo?

Don't I have bills to pay? And am I actually begging for it? Is it not a fucking EXCHANGE for the writing/creative/branding/project services I render?! Is it not for the promotion of my art?!

I'm tired of Nigerians. Isn't there ONE person with a working cerebrum in this clime?

Whew.