# Rant1142


April 15, 2018

One of the weirdest stories I ever heard happened when my mum had a store at Olodi Apapa.

One of the neighbours in the building, wretched as only your vilest imagination can conceive, was "happily married". So happy was this marriage that the couple could barely feed, as the only source of income was a table with sweets and pencils at the front yard.

What happened, you may ask...

The man was doing quite well running a business, then he met a woman and they jumped into a relationship that was too passionate to be contained.

The wife could smell his adultery a mile away.

Grrrrrrr!!!

She gathered a few of her friends and they beat up the girlfriend.

But this is Ajegunle. And nobody has time to play the victim.

So girlfriend retaliated. She gathered her own friends and they beat the shit out of wifey.

Damn.

Relationship continued.

Wifey is confused. 

Her next line of action? She was determined to end the relationship. She had a light-bulb moment and decided to destroy the one thing she believed was the attraction for other women - her husband's money.

She visited a herbalist and insisted that he destroy her husband's business.

Why?

Because she needs him all to herself.

Err... but you'll be poor if his business is ruined.

I love my husband. I don't mind if we are poor. This love is unconditional, but other women want him for his money, so destroy the source of his wealth.

The herbalist inserted a cowry into her anus and instructed her to pull it out after three days, crush it to powder form and use it to prepare his favourite soup... (Ok! I made that part up. I don't know how his business was destroyed. Just messing with a few Nollywood ideas. Lol!)
.
.
So...

The business dies.

Dude becomes as poor as a churchrat.

Girlfriend leaves.

Wife stays.

Wife starts a tiny irrelevant nonsense at the frontyard, selling sweets. 

Man is poor. But man is home every day. No woman has eyes for this poor man.

Wife is pleased. Her marriage is free of adultery and she is happy as a mouse (I dont know if mice are happy, forgive me).

They live happily ever after.
.
.

Moral of the story: Just because we all breathe in oxygen doesn't mean we are all equal or even humans.

Many people are goats.