# Rant1327


October 25, 2018

Don't get into an office as a consultant and say...

"Oh! I expect to see more women here."

You should expect to see more COMPETENT workers there. 

Not men. Not women. Competent people.
.

If you are a special guest at an award ceremony, don't eventually say...

"I was rooting for a woman to win."

Why root for the woman? Why not root for the best?
.

When a boy succeeds, he doesn't succeed for every boy out there., he succeeds for himself. He shouldn't suffer discrimination because patriarchy rewards his gender.

A boy doesn't know that. He doesn't know what patriarchy does. Probably never heard the word.

He read hard, worked hard, put in the hours, and got what he deserved...

So it's pretty unfair to tell him he is undeserving of it in your footnotes and whispers because "more girls need to win."

If girls need to win, let girls put in the work.

And if you suspect foul play or discrimination, then by all means, speak out!

Don't relegate one gender in an attempt to promote the other.

Patriarchy does that already... no movement should try to overthrow patriarchy for the crown of prejudice.
.

There's a different reward for motherhood and cleaning bathrooms. We need to make people understand that.

If a woman needs to hurry home to take care of a family, and a man decides to sit in the office at odd hours... how is it fair to expect to be paid equally?

That is where equity comes in, I understand. But doesn't equity demand the other party bending farther than he may be willing to... according to "respective needs"?

Why should the woman's reward - the one who is half-worker, fulltime domestic maker - be in the office? Why should a nursing mother seek her reward in the office if she isn't, at the moment, IN the office?

Her reward at that moment in her life should be in motherhood - the giggle of her child, easy breastfeeding, or the massage she may receive from a (loving) husband.

You see, I have been trying to say this for a long time...

Many women want family... yet want to be rewarded in the work place.

Many men want to work and go home to eat and go back to work the next day and have sex later that evening... 
Work, however, comes first. So yes, most of their rewards will happen in the work place.

The problem here is not the office... the problem is wherever men dominate, society makes it a premium location for women to try to dominate too.

It's the chase... and Feminism has the whistle in her mouth.

Ready. Set. Take that position NOW!

Pfff! Women don't want it as much as Feminism wants it for them, that's the problem. It's like pulling a goat into the field with a rope around its neck. Goat just wants to lie down.

If men decide to leave boardrooms and stay at home... you'll realise society will focus on the home as the premium location for growth and success and excellence.

It is not the location... it is the gender.

If a woman works 18 hours, sacrificing all for work, and gets paid very well for her efforts IN THE OFFICE... And another woman works 5 hours and has to rush off to take care of lunch and dinner AT HOME... 

Pray tell, how can they both earn the same pay or be valued, in the work place, on the same level?

If a man finds fulfillment in the office and gives all of 23 hours to work every day... why should the woman who gives 10 hours grumble about the reward system that favours the man?

Women want to be high-powered careerists, self-sacrificing wives, bestest mums, holy-holy religious workers, humble in-laws, great friends... the list is endless. They want reward in every aspect of spreading themselves as thinly as a thread stitched on the oldest cloth ever made.

Men just want a few things - work, sex, food, excitement.

Men don't spread themselves too thin. The reward from the few things they desire are sizeable and substantial.

Because women spread themselves thinly... they can barely enjoy any kind of reward.

And when some women try NOT to spread themselves as thinly as is required of women, they are judged as arrogant.

So arrogant that they dare to build a structure that allows them to delegate efficiently, thereby, creating more time to demand as much as men in the work place.
.

Yes. I've said what I want to say.