# Rant1311


October 10, 2018

You people are getting it wrong.

Don't send an email asking for help to get a job.

"Please help me I need a job. I have this certificate, I have that career experience, I have this-and-that skill."

Your worth depreciates when you beg for a job.

It is your employer that should beg to have you stay. And if s/he isn't, then you probably aren't good enough.

Smart employers do not want to lose their best hands, especially in an era of very dumb people loitering the entire Nigerian space.

Don't beg. This Nigerian culture of begging for everything is shitty.

When you approach a potential employer or send an email, go ahead and tell them what you can offer!

Your begging makes it clear that you want them to do something for you.

Nigga does not owe you shit!

Instead, state what YOU can do for HIS/HER company.

Write your email this way:

"Hello. My name is so-and-so. I have so-and-so experience. I would like to contribute to your business in so-and-so capacity..."

List what you have done that is related to what you can offer. But most importantly, list what you can do. Practical solutions.

Best way is to consume the available information of the company, then give relevant ideas, solutions. But remember not every company needs to be "solved". So write stating that your expertise, determination, smart work ethics, and new knowledge will benefit the company greatly... and HOW.

The HOW is very important. Engage your would-be employer intellectually.

Stop begging. You will never get a job begging.

Only a sadist will employ you from a place of subservience.

The world has no time for beggars.

First world societies are not sustained from begging. 

What do you have to offer? That's the question.

Offer it with your chest. Give it your heart and mind.
.

When I was the Managing Director of Happenings Media... people would say to me then, "you give all your ideas to this company. Do you have shares in it? What if you leave the job?"

But life doesn't work that way, you see. If you hoard your ideas, you will not have any room for fresher ideas. But if you give it out, you will evolve faster, more ideas will come through.

It's a fact.

Ideas are like new technology. They change every hour.

Imagine Apple executives hoarding their ideas. Samsung will overtake them, and when Apple finally realises how dumb it is to hoard ideas, the so-called ideas would have gone stale.

Do you understand?

You can't keep your ideas to yourself because you are waiting for the day you will start your own company. Why must you start your own company before you can change your world?

Who is the bastard that taught you that nonsense?

We think we are doing the people we work for. Frankly, we are doing ourselves.

Employers will be alright. It is not money that got them to where they are, it is grit. It is ambition. It is tenacity. It is having a different interpretation of what everyone cannot define. It is giving so little fucks.

So give give give of your talent. Give! 

I used to call Mrs. Irabor back then to give ideas about magazines and how she can apply to Genevieve magazine. And that was after I had left.

Because ideas need a fertile mind. If your mind is a selfish one, you will never produce ideas as fast as some of us can.

You cannot deny the universe the natural flow of the course of action it expects from you. It will eventually shut you out and starve you of new ideas.

This is not some spiritual rant. This is simple A-B-C method to a level of productivity and relevance in your field.

I did leave Happenings Media and all the so-called ideas I produced, didn't I?

But would you say I was better off in 2015 than I am now?

Think!!!

You people don't think!

And remember there is the part of interpretation and implementation of ideas that alot of people don't get. I can drop an idea on your lap... but do you have the brain to interprete it well?

You know?

Think, people!

And please stop infesting my inbox with I-beg I-beg I-beg.

I don't give a fuck about you.