# Rant1316


October 12, 2018

"Kanye West is what happens when negroes don't read... Kanye cannot represent the African American community because he doesn't have the depth... Trump is going to use Kanye's position to pervert his narrative... At the end of the day he is going to stand next to Trump and take nice pictures and that's it." - CNN
.

I like Kanye. I used to think, in some ways, there was a method to his madness. I still believe so, you know.

But Kanye got married to Kim Kardashian, and may be he stopped reading. I don't know.

If he had a Michelle Obama for instance, may be his thought process would be more polished.

I don't know. And I'm not trying to blame the woman in his life for his perpetual low.

But it is impossible to be married to a Kim and be philosophical.

Just as it is impossible for an average Nigerian to be married to another average Nigerian and have any kind of depth beyond the title that goes with their names.

There is a reason I disregard marriage in this era. It is almost unnecessary. The world is crumbling. Third world countries, for instance, cannot survive another century at this rate of lack and under development. Yet we are focused on whom will marry whom.

We need people who can do what Nike did - stand for the unpopular narrative, be the contrarian, survive the harsh criticisms, and change the narrative.

And for African Americans it is important that people like Kanye West do not become just another man married with lovely kids.

Anyone can have a wife and children.

But who will save us?

You know?

I believe strongly that if you think differently, if you see things differently, if you have contrary opinions to popular narratives, if populism drives your vision...

I believe you should make certain sacrifices that will allow you follow through with your cause given to you by the cosmic.

Kanye seemed to be that kind of person.

I don't know.

Because marrying a Kim dulls you.

And this is not just about money. She's rich, yes. But that's not what matters. Not now.

I try not to place any true value on people who focus on money. There are many ways to get rich.

But there's only one way to have depth. It is a torturous process, one that can leave you poor.

And I respect that. I will always respect depth.

*(And here is my confession: I despise money. It's shocking that I am not poor. I do not go out of my way to be rich. I sincerely despise riches. I think that many people see it as an end. As a finally stop. And that is why when they get it, they expect everyone to bow, to reward them with titles, to fear them, and not judge them based on their (lack of) sense. How can I not despise an instrument that does that to people? The shameless compromises we make... the people you have refused to confront... the people you serve... the things that steal your dignity. Money stands behind it all, shaming you.)

*Read the bracketed confession with a level of depth that will allow you see beyond face value. That's all I'm going to say about that.
.

I have decided I will not entertain people in my life if all they value is someone's financial position.

It is ok for a great man to change the world whilst driving a Peugeot and living in a bungalow. 

It is very ok.

If you don't think it is, then I feel sorry for you.

The Kardashians have money. They will have even more. Yes.

But for a man like Kanye... a rapper who rose from dust, from the impossible... I would think he would deserve a different kind of woman - for the culture. Someone really smart who wouldn't think much of New York Fashion Week, who would read The Economist at a café, and would have front row seats at Vanity Fair cocktails (PS: don't let the name fool you. Vanity Fair has some of the best writers in the entire world. But you wouldn't know that).
.

All I know is, this Kanye standing next to Trump breaks my heart. Not because he supports him, but because... he doesn't have the profundity of rebellion to confront him, even from a position of love.

He stands next to him with no real insight or knowledge.

So he stands there looking like a nigga set to wash the used plates at the White House.

Kim would be proud. 

But he leaves the rest of us greatly ashamed.

This is not about Kim.

This is about choices.