# Rant1330


October 26, 2018

Don’t get it twisted...

We are not here hoping that Wizkid and Tiwa Savage will stay a couple longer than a minute.

We don’t care about the length of a relationship two adults decide to enjoy.

Your silly judgments of a grown woman and her choices will not become valid when the relationship finally ends.

Not every beautiful thing should lead to marriage.

As a matter of fact, many ugly things lead to marriages more often than beautiful ones.

I don’t stan any of them. My support for Tiwa has very little to do with Tiwa.

It has to do with my daughters. I have girls, for godssake!

I don't want a foolish society taunting their right to choose, to live, to love, to breathe just because they're older women.

They won't remain children forever. They'll grow older and be defined by set rules of an "older generation". 

I want them to stomp on those rules and pave their own paths.

I want them to make grown-up decisions on love, lust, happiness and other choices. I don’t want them to even think for a minute that the opinions of plebeians matter, or that they have to construct their lives to fit certain expectations.
.

I am aware this is not a happily-ever-after story. Wizkid can be terribly uncouth. We know this. We have seen how he treats a few of his other women and random women he claims upset him.

He is misogynistic and very foul about these things.

Notwithstanding, this is what Tiwa wants. It is none of our business. She is an adult. 

She will suffer heartbreak, that I am sure of. 

Wizkid will misbehave, that I can bet money on…

But what is life if adults don’t make these delicious, temporal choices?

We are entitled to our lust, our feverish sex sessions… we are entitled to short-lived romances, and long-term resolves.

We are entitled to the life we wish for ourselves at the stroke of midnight.

Let Tiwa be a Cinderella. 

What is it to you?! Why so pained by it?

How anyone can think it is inappropriate for two adults who wish to be together at this moment in their lives… how you can think it is improper for them to feel whatever they are feeling because it messes with your fake-ass cultural expectations and religious norms is just ridiculous.

They don't owe you moral standards, chastity or righteousness.

Go and find what you are looking for in your own household.

Tiwa and Wizzy will break up.

And they will be with other people.

Yes. We know this. Still, let them be.
.

And if Wizkid shames her (as I think he would eventually)… then it’s the unfortunate grooming of Nigerian men you should blame, not the valid emotional/sexual needs of the woman.