# Rant1309


October 7, 2018

After Visiting Day at my children's school, I went to Mr. Price at Ikeja Mall to get a sports bra.

I met Elizabeth Ughoro just at the front aisle, shopping for a skirt.

I haven't seen Elizabeth in a long while. She did come to see my Play, but I didn't get to meet her. She had some interesting ideas about it that I wanted to listen to, so we stopped shopping and decided to talk.

It's a lifestyle store, so I assumed it should be ok to chat for a while on the aisle, right?

Wrong!

A few minutes later, the bloody doorman came to us and said, "Shift. You are blocking other people from shopping. Shift!" 

He made gestures as if he was about to swat mosquitoes!

Elizabeth was quiet. Fire was already coming out of my skull. 

There was nobody else in the store, except for one girl who apparently was just looking around.

"You are a goat!" I said.

He claimed he received instructions from the manager.

I said his manager must be a goat too.

One of the members of staff (the manager, perhaps) came to apologize. 

I looked at the door man again, "You are a fucking goat!"

Then I went my way, into the aisles to shop. He had killed a brilliant conversation. Fucking moron! 
I picked a few items... then I heard the goat grumbling to his colleague.

"Na so dem go dey talk to their husband for house. See as person wife dey talk to me anyhow. I get my own wife for house."

He was speaking in low tone, of course. But I heard him. So I went back to him.

"If you have someone like me in your house, you wouldn't be a door man, you fucking goat!"

Everybody and their gateman always trying to make comparisons between wifey and another woman.

Like... WTF!

"Stupid goat! If you had my type at home, you wouldn't know what to do. You'd set yourself on fire, literally. Burn!"

I threw the clothes in a basket and left.

God forbid I'd pay for anything in a store with poor customer service.
.

That episode killed my mood.

I should have just gone home... but I went to a boutique. Grey Velvet, my former oga's store.

I've bought six dresses from Isi Brown last month alone. So I had my eyes on another one.

I went there, and the customer service girl was too laidback for my comfort. No oomph.

She tossed my dress around, dragged it around, almost used it as a rag on the dusty glass table, so I cautioned her.

"Don't drag the dress on the glass table."

I looked at her.

"You have a smirk on your face. And you sighed."

She looked at her colleague and said, "Did I sigh?"

Chai! That's where I lost it!

The ultimate disrespect in a store is when one sales girl turns to another sales girl to confirm body language.

I went nuts.

"It is not what you say, it is how your face looks. We spend people's salaries here, buying clothes. Heck, I just might have spent your salary here just picking a dress. So act like you work in a premium store. Else resign and go and sell akara in Somolu."

I paid and I left.
.

These are things I usually just ignore, but not today.

I think I'm horny.