# Rant1089


February 23, 2018

I thought I'd be happy when I got married.

I wasn't happy.
.
I thought finally getting a column in the widely-read ThisDay Sunday would make me happy.

I had that for four years, receiving messages from governors' wives on how entertaining and sincere my column was...

Yet I was not happy.
.

Becoming the editor of Genevieve magazine was all I dreamt of in a season of my life.

I finally got it. I don't only get it, I was given free rein to decide what content should look like.

One year later, I was still unfulfilled.
.
Then I decided  to start a PR company. My own shit. Make my own money.

I did.

I ran that for two years, made quite a sum. I mean, who would have thought celebrities could pay N400 - N800k to be represented monthly. I was even on retainership with some brands.

Two years later. I closed shop. Still not happy.
.
Accepting it is ok to be sexually exciting without shame or fear was a great deal for me at a point in my life, trying to define my liberties... it tickled for a while, but it didn't bring me fulfilment. 
.

Then I get to create a media company as a Managing Director. Good salary. A lot of perks. Travel package. Allowed me to be totally in control. 

I was happy only for a minute.
.

TW magazine. Spice magazine. Telecoms magazine. HiTV breakfast show. TVC morning show.

Still unfulfilled.
.
Harvard came. United Nations happened.

I was still left empty. And thirsty.
.
Now I am here. 

This is what everyone wants, even your mother... but I feel lost still.

I don't think I'll ever be satisfied.

I think I'd actually have to die to finally experience true fulfilment.

It is the constant unfulfilment that wakes me up in the morning and keeps me brainstorming all day.
.

So today, I am in my office...

Vera walks in.

I look through her like she isn't even there.

"I am tired, Vera."

And I don't even know what I am tired of.

I am tired of being unfulfilled even when I should be extremely grateful, pinching myself to be awake while I live out this brilliant dream of having my own company.

"I am constantly having this out of body experience that makes it impossible to be fully present. Because I do not want to live my life. I do not want to be conscious of my existence. It's exhausting..." I don't know if I'm talking to her or talking to myself or talking to the wall (since conversation with humans is really tedious these days). 

Now this must have been very uncomfortable for Vera, because I am a boss these days.

She looks at me and says...

"No matter how you feel, you are an Amazon. On your worst days, you are better than most in their best moments. You could be anything - a busy woman, a kept woman, a feminist, patriarchy benefactor, you'll still be great. You walk in and the world takes note. Don't ever forget that."

OK.

It's not going to cure my perpetual thirst for the unattainable, but it sure made me smile all the way to my hotel room.

Thanks, Vera.