# Rant1124


March 26, 2018

Nigerians go on and on about Humility. What has humility done for us as a country, as a collective, really? 

Have a billion dollar company and sit at a table quietly... Nigerians will crown you Humble. 

Speak in pidgin when your mates are having a conversation in English, Nigeria tags you humble.

Steal, then beg to be forgiven by rolling on the floor with all your family members crying on cue... you are branded a humble  Nigerian.

Have no dreams, achieve very little, get stuck on unproductive pursuits, and own it... Nigerians get so impressed by this your "humility".

Be broke by doing nothing and being nothing...  Nigerians will call you "humble".

Buy N500 okrika bra or N800 China bra at the open market, and talk about it like you just don't care... aww, so humble.

Marry an abuser and be determined to work it out, Nigerians will hug you and crown you a very humble woman.

Give up all your dreams and be a housewife, giving birth to kids you can't take care of with a man with very little accomplishments... you are indeed the most humble couple on earth.

Follow the crowd. Have no voice. "Lol" and beg to be tagged to online drama... and then continue Lol-ing without one original thought from your brain... you are seen as humble.

Admit to being poor and begging for help on the streets or online..  you are humble.

Quote your religious book during every debate or confrontation or commonsense situation... you are humble.

"Leave it for god" even when a child is raped... Nigerians will clap for you and brand you Humble.

Be content being Nigerian. Write all this shit about being proud to be Nigerian, claiming Nigeria is the best country in the world with, err... "mineral resources and great people and great hospitality"... you're delusional, no doubt, but you are crowned Humble by fellow Nigerians. 

Wear the wrong attire to a function... you are Humility.
.
Nigerians should take their humility and trade it in the stock market, lets see if it has any value beyond being a convenient escape and excuse.