# Rant1143



April 16, 2918

Married to the audience is an exhausting performance.

You are the ne plus ultra for as long as your mind-blowing Coachella concert is fresh in the minds of people who can get easily distracted staring at a double-layered burger.

The next minute Nicki Minaj sings some autotune bubble gum track, and the same audience would dare rate your genius side by side Nicki's inflated buttocks.

Sometimes all you need is an under-talented Kim Kardashian posting desperate nudes to cash in on the energy your hardwork has created online... and the audience quickly forgets that, just a minute ago, you were king. You have always been king. But the industry requires that you state your kingly status every other season with a new twist to your waist or new bop to your head.

The Grammys will arrive and your well deserved award will be tossed to some chick who finds it difficult to stand through a 3-hour concert (not to talk of dancing) without requesting a couch to lie down for a bit.

There and then, in the hands of a few judges, your most fabulous craft is made average because the plaque didn't follow you home.

You, in some ways, start to doubt yourself the minute those reviews of how you lost to a contender start to pour into those websites you deeply respect.

The audience told you (that) you were GOAT on Twitter... but you forgot to comb your little girl's 'fro one day whilst rushing to the mall, and the headlines change so fast - from GOAT to celebrities-not-having-time-for-their-kids...

And again, the comparison with some random female pushing a baby down the mall is your reward.

It is a good thing that entertainment rewards those it needs to reward greatly.

Else your only true respect is achieved when you die.

Even that is arguable -  you die and they'll take your 1988 video to compare with a 2018 video to judge who's truly greater.

A full two decades apart! 

Whew.

Nonetheless, like the best entertainers, when they think you have reached the apotheosis of your career... reinvent yourself, take up a radically new approach. Beat your own record.

And never stop making magic.
.

This has nothing to do with Beyonce, by the way, or any artiste.

I am talking about life, with music as reference.

I believe a lot of people are created to be average. However, it is important not to believe that of yourself so you have a reason to live. (Probably why motivational speakers made a  huge chunk of difference in the 90s. People wanted a reason to live beyond just eating dinner and having sex.)

But the horror of this reality is that those with true genius conform to society. The polymaths are terribly unsure of themselves. I think it is part of their brilliance - to be doubtful. It's being a god and wearing a curse.

The few who happen to live out a form of brilliance and exceptional success are average people who work really hard and just don't give a fuck.

The rest of you are looking at too many people for validation. Tsk. Tsk. 

Challenge your best opinion of yourself. Take it notches higher. Become a walking ball of wonder.