# Rant1103


March 9, 2018

Last year we had a troubled security guard. He smoked cannabis and was unruly. 

Strange, I never witnessed any of his madness. I try not to look into the eyes of people who live slightly above minimum wage. I fear I'd find something in there that'd taunt me, something that'd crush my spirit. I don't have the energy to fix the world so I just pretend we are all fine in the little corner we inhabit.

But there was that one time he asked for money. Said his part-time shoe business equipment was stolen by big foot - Ok, not big foot but by some mysterious friend. He wanted N3k. I gave him N1k and drove off. When I came back from work, I asked how he was doing. He looked at me through bloodshot eyes as if he'd never seen me before, then squinted his eyes; his eyes rested on my chest. I drove through the gates and never said a word to him again.

Then a few months later, after her was sacked,  I heard his was a reign of terror.

He would threaten to kill residents. Once he pursued one of the tenants with a knife around the close. He would refuse to open the gate for residents to go to work. He sold marijuana from the kiosk we provided for him. He insulted everyone and their grandmothers. 

His popular words were: "I dey kill people oh!"

This is a guard we pay monthly oh!

I was shook. How come I never witnessed that side of him? I knew he was a slob and nothing impressive, but so are many people. I wasn't going to judge him for being below average.

Then I heard, after he left, he tried to recruit the new security guard into theft. The plan was to leave the gates open by midnight so he and a few other layabouts can rob the close - steal car parts and break into people's home whilst they were asleep.

The new security guard got the information and told the messenger, "sure, tell him I'll meet him at so-and-so place to discuss further."

They met at a place, and the new security guard beat the living shithole out of the old security guard, and told him never to come near any close or estate he guards.

The residents heard the story on the streets, like one of those stories with no names or faces. That was before we realised the story was our story - not the close before and not the close after. It was our close and this new security guard who didn't say anything, just continued doing his job, saved our lives and property.

And he didn't say a word!

He went over to a location, beat up an asshole, sustained his own bruises, came back to his guard post, tended to his wounds, and resumed his duties the next morning like nothing happened.

He didn't come around trying to make us pay for his "good deeds", to him it was part of his job to protect us. He wasn't going to make a fuss about it.

It is hard to forget him.

I saw him this morning, still guarding our Festac gate. And I greeted him with a big smile. 

His name is Mohammed.

He is a good man.


