# Rant1107


March 14, 2018

For an entire year - maybe two - real Crime and Investigation was the only channel I watched.

I was obsessed with C&I or IDx mainly because it answered the "Why".

"Why" is very important for me, for my existence. 

I need to know why the man killed his wife. Why the woman poisoned her friend. Why the plumber raped the neighbour. The killing or act is not the issue. I will sit through a real crime episode because motive is huge for me. 

There's a series called "Disappeared" on IDx, I don't bother with that. It doesn't solve the crime or mystery. It doesn't answer the Why.

But in all, 95% of C&I real crime series answer the most important question - Why.

It is the reason I don't touch Nigerian news. The "why" is too tough for lazy third world journalism. We don't even enquire long enough to get answers.

And religion doesn't help either, because religion is too tired it needs to move on to forgiveness quickly. And culture is too lazy, it needs to come up with proverbs to dilute the weight of the crime as quickly as it can.

Though the 10 year old was raped, for instance, the why is never sorted. The next thing we hear is a paedophile and his relatives, even the police, pointing to the devil as the culprit.

"Na devil cause am."

No, that's not enough. Answer the "Why".

Why did the man kill his father? Was he badly abused as a child? Why?

This knack for throwing news out there without getting to the root of the Why, and sometimes even the How is unanswered, makes up the entire fibre of our journalism and our stories.

They are stealing in every institution that makes us a country.

Why?

A snake eats money. A monkey eats furniture. An elephant robs a bank.

How? Why?

Shrug. No answer.

It is why we have very myopic views, and why we poorly engage with one another.

I'm all for the Why.
.
For instance, why is she acting this way?

I don't care for the action, but I need to know why.

Isn't that how we grow and learn? When we can get to the Why?

That's something we didn't get the privilege to ask very often as children. Many Nigerian homes back then, children were ignored or scolded or downright assaulted for asking many "Whys".
.
I will push and provoke until I get the "Why".

So if I have a "friend" totally going bunkers and treading on absolute hate just 24 hours after licking my table and swearing to love the smell of my fart for months...

I will push with the greatest weapon I have - words, until I can decipher the Why.

After a few days or so, the Why will defintely come forth. It is an art, you see.

In this current situation, I couldn't decipher the "why" the first time. But now, with new posts springing up, I get it.

It isn't anything I did. It is simply hate, envy and a desperate need for avarice. You come into my life and realise you want everything I have.

Phew. Here I was thinking someone needs to be taking to Yaba Left. The switch from love to loath was so fast, I could have sworn she had suffered a chronic case of mental degeneration in just 24 hours.

Thankfully it is nothing serious. It is just Hate and the all tingly Greed.

All is well with the world again.

Now I can rest.

The "Why" has been answered.
.

Moving forward, everybody stay on your lane. Don't try to get to know me beyond the walls of Facebook. I've got a knack for picking out bullshit long enough to play Russian Roulette with you. It's a sport I enjoy when I have spotted your motive. When you miss the bullet so many times, you start to lose your mind. You begin to see that your ulterior motive is something I can put to good use for my own benefit. And e go pain you gan. You get confused. The hunter is now the hunted.

It's an art, you see.

But I'm bored with that game now, so I'll just stick with old friendships with old women like myself - Prisca, TeeTee and Olafisayo. You know, working women.

And I'm satisfied talking to Temidayo once a year like we do.

All is well in my corner again.

Always search for the "Why", you'll realise it has very little to do with you.

Cheers.