# Rant1256


September 6, 2018

Nigerians are always so quick to disrespect women.

I have moved from being shocked, to being amused... now I just scoff. 

So Wizkid goes on a GQ date with Naomi Campbell...

Do you know what Nigerians are doing?

They are tagging Tiwa Savage to the pictures and mocking Tiwa, shaming her.

Wow!

What do we call this kind of excitement that rises to your throat when it comes to shaming women?

Same thing happened when Davido launched his Chichi girl.

Nigerians invaded one of his babymama's pages, laughing at her and spitting on her.

For what???

Can we also acknowledge that 90% of these shamers are WOMEN?

Amongst these women are whores who will strip naked by midnight to curse a random broke boyfriend who ruined their lives.

There are women in this crowd of shamers living with men who beat them with a stick by day and insert a penis inside of them by night.

Amongst these women are receptionists earning less than N40k at a job. Women who leave Ijebu ode to Abuja to look for a man living in one room with a stove and a container to urinate at midnight by the side of a lean old mattress.

80% of these trifling bitches are asking dumb questions on relationships with the catchphrase, "what should I do?", waiting for random sociopaths online to solve their intimate and personal problems.

Yet these Thots have something to say about another woman. Tsk.

Terribly unhappy with their lives, waiting for just any trigger to transfer their misery to a woman who seems happier, better, prettier, more aware of her strength than they ever can be.

The men who engage in these shame business are, of course, those who can never get a certain kind of woman. They shame her because they are ashamed of the limitations of their masculinity. They have been told by patriarchy too many times that they own the world and everything therein. Then they realise they don't own shit! And there are some vaginae way above their league.

So what do they do? They shame women they can never approach! 

It is why many men DETEST "slay queens".

The term has been watered down badly, but the original intent of slaying, as a woman, is to defy the norm, to rule, to build, to be better, be different, be great.

Small men hate women who have that much knowledge and control over their emotions, their sexuality and their femininity.

These men hate women who understand the extent of their power. Who are aware of who they are.

This is why they are all too excited when they find a moment to lash out or drag a woman to the pit.

Shaming Tiwa for Wizkid's date with Naomi makes no sense. It is low. But Nigerians excel aiming very low. So there!
.

You know... I wish for the heck of it Tiwa did date Wizkid. And if she did, I hope she enjoyed it. I hope they had great sex. And I hope she isn't ashamed of it because there is nothing to be ashamed of.

There is a reason we say women should enrol in zero-fuck academy. You can't take this kind of society seriously. It is made of too many daft persons. 

And to trade acceptability and likeability amongst fools is the lowest kind of life to choose. You will always be defending your actions.

Women who know what they are about don't have time for that.