# Rant1067


February 1, 2018

I was having lunch with an acquaintance last week, and we got talking about someone - a celebrity who married rich and does absolutely nothing as a consequence of wealth.

I had worked as a publicist for Madam Celebrity many years back, so I frequented the breathtaking mansion she lived in - built by the man's sweat, embellished by the woman's beauty.

She isn't a very bright person. Her ideas made me roll my eyes. And on one occasion, I dozed off whilst she yapped on about a concept she wanted to start, which in my opinion, was a mess.

But this acquaintance went on and on about how inspiring the celebrity is.

"What makes her so inspiring though? She's beautiful. She lives in wealth she didn't actively build. And she has enough pocket money that can feed hungry Haitians. How does that inspire unless you are trying to learn how to keep a rich nigga?"

Immediately the acquaintance called me a hater.

Yawn.

Then I said...

I work really hard. I wake up 5.30am every morning. I run a company. I have to constantly prove that I know what the fuck I am doing. Nobody gives me a break in this world. I have had to work for every penny I make. I have had to polish my value and buff my skills every other week. I am a breadwinner. I constantly have to put my hands on the plough to give my kids a good life. And sometimes I have to hear people try to belittle my journey, my worth, my value...

It is beneath me to be a hater of a kept woman.

Pause. It was a long pause after I said that. Lol!

The acquaintance was finally able to gather her thoughts: "but will you turn down an offer to be a kept woman?"

Girrrrl! I'm 40, it is time to be kept. LMAO! 

Still I don't see that on my horizon. I accept that I will always be judged by value. Some of us are built for more. It's too much hard work, but it is what it is.

And if I become one someday, I will, at that moment, accept that even the ugu woman who hustles to pack her leaves by 4am to catch the first bus out of the park, is of more value to the world than I am.