# Rant1357


November  23, 2018

I want a travel partner.

Male. Attractive. Smart. Comfortable. Chivlarous. Adventurous hedonist...

With some kind of attraction between us that doesn't have to be explored.

Actually, shouldn't be explored.

You know, a lingering emotion or longing that flames the friendship and keeps it warm and respectful and exciting.

Feelings that make us want to attempt to impress the other.

I miss that. I always miss when that element leaves a relationship.

They call it finally "settling in".

Why do we have to settle in and lose the spark?

Well, I hate "settling in".

When I settle in, I want to get out.

I want to have first dates and first impressions for the rest of my life.

Familiarity sucks.

I told a boyfriend sometime ago, "Let's start all over again. Imagine you are meeting me for the first time. 'Cos I'm bored with this phase of finally knowing."

He didn't get it. We broke up.

I'm speaking Spanish. This is Nigeria and nobody gives a fuck about lingering affection or preserving the mystery.

Whatever, my choices are healthy.

Why are y'all looking at me like that? 🙄🙄🙄
.

I want to travel to Dubai next week, but I don't want to travel alone!

Neither do I want to travel with just anybody. So stop sending me inbox messages!!!

Please, I beg you all. I drop posts here not for immediate responses in my inbox or because I want anyone here.

The cosmic and I have an understanding.

"Joy, drop whatever you desire and I will take it from there," says the universe.

My wishes will get to their destination.

For the rest of you, just carry on living your life.
.

I went to London alone and the cold almost killed me! I wanted company. Not one as defined and familiar as my boyfriend's... but an undefined companionship.

Do you understand? (No, you don't).

I knew if I'd seen those stageplays with someone even remotely artistic, it would have been moments to pause for the rest of my life.

I want that.

Why is that so hard to understand?