# Rant1110


March 16, 2018

Let's talk Porn. 

American porn is exasperating, tragic even, rid of every shred of romance.

You have two dominant people fighting and cussing, sex organ going in and out like faulty machines grinding on each other with metal screeching accuracy that frightens you and dries you up. 

Lubrication is a careless spit to the vagina, then an exaggerated penis bulldozes its way in, causing so much pain even for you the viewer. 

It's like World Wrestling Entertainment. They are looking into each other's eyes, daring the other to match his/her ruthlessness. It's insane! I dont understand how anyone could think this is the best way to provoke lust or sex.

The boobs are balloons. Very few American porn acts have any real breasts left. There are veins popping out of flesh casing silicone implants, so ripe a pin can pop the air out. The poor air stuck in that tight skin fabric. 

The women are old and not in a graceful manner. They try to hide all the aging misery with horrendous makeup and cosmetic surgery. 

After five minutes of war, sorry sex, the man and woman turn red; fighting to keep their swords in tact tearing through the conflict they call sex.

No. Please.
*
Asian Porn is a bit sane. The boobs are real, for one. And they totally get the arithmetic of sex:

There can only be one dominant partner in bed. Someone has to be a submissive. Soft submission. I don't watch BDSM. I can't do intense pain. 

Soft submission, however, is answering to the soft command of the dominant partner. It is hands above your head or clasped behind your back. It is "open your legs...wider". It is a few nasty sweet words you are made to repeat. You know? It's a light smack of the buttocks. It's a sweet bite on certain parts of the body. It's being in charge as a dominant and enjoying someone take charge as a submissive. This is strictly bedroom, I'm not talking about your equality war in real life, free me.

Asians don't talk a lot during sex, which is sad. I think sex conversation is sexy. Maybe they aren't very bright people so they have nothing sexy-smart to say. Whatever.

The women have really bad dentiton and the men are ugly as fuck. And that penis size is just a no-no. Thankfully they blur the sex organs most of the time, which allows you to imagine any size you want. I watch it in mute because the women scream like morons. But they know how to create the perfect sex moments - a dominant and a submissive. 

Anything else is just war. And I don't fuck with that.

Also, I don't fuck with watching a man playing the submissive. It's just weird. No, please. Be dominant. Be the animal with loving eyes and needy hands. 

Ok we are not smashing chinaware or anything dramatic like that, but the eyes say a lot... and your hands can express your hunger well enough.

And moan, damn it. Why do men find it so hard to moan? 

I hear broke men moan loudly, you'll hear them from across the street, but I won't know anything about that. Lol!

When I watch Asian porn, I focus on the woman. It is her satisfaction that satifies me. Because it is something I wish to covet. So it is satisfying. I understand her body. I understand her needs. So her satisfaction gets my utmost attention.

Asians kiss horribly though. It's yucky mess. Oral sex is not bad. The men play dominant with care, passion and tenderness.
*
I've never watched gay porn. I don't want another woman on my nipple, so lets move on.
*
Black Porn, mainly by African Americans, is a struggle for me. And its a perception of what I think the community is about - angry women and deadbeat men, so it's really tough to find any warmth or trigger watching them, so I don't.
*
Back to Asian Porn...

Another thing about Asian Porn is that they try to weave a story, however wack, into the script. So they appreciate you as a human being with emotions and not just someone dying to jerk off or cum.
.

Ok then. Y'all can go on and have some kind of productive weekend.

❤