# Rant1301


October 3, 2018

It is for lack of values, a disregard of principles and mental rigour of thorough appraisal that anyone would say they'd miss Ambode because he managed to make an address that shows him yielding to higher powers.

Pray tell, what are you missing?

The Nigerian memory is a colourful trashcan of many useless things that mean absolutely nothing. We refuse to be critical or knowledgeable.

Our biggest sport is Forgiveness. Even before "sin" is committed.
.

You know, I can never forget an interview I listened to on BBC years ago - of one of the fathers of the murdered boys of ALUU 4... how he was able to throw in forgiveness for those who killed his son.

Forgiveness???

Your son had been murdered in the most gruesome fashion barely a week ago!!! WTF!

I refuse to believe forgiveness was his intention. No. It is not forgiveness. It is the rigour of objective analysis and evaluation of an issue in order to form a judgement (aka critical thinking) that he was incapable of.

I was still crying one week later, tortured by the deaths of these boys... yet a father of one of them was already preaching forgiveness.

I remember screaming "fuck you" to my device and switching off the station.

But I have, over the years, understood the Nigerian psychology.

We are not forgiving. We are just mentally indolent to critically analyse anything to form any kind of judgement that doesn't echo the common position of the majority/masses.

It's distasteful.
.

Nigerian mothers would tell their young children to "greet that uncle" even with full knowledge of the fact that he is a paedophile.

These women... too lazy to form a judgement.

We apply the same rule to our lovers, our parents, our teachers, our friends, our lives.

It's mental indolence, nothing more.
.

You will not miss Ambode.

You are too dumb to form any judgement of his poor leadership/governing skills and competence, that is the only reason you would utter such balderdash.

It is cerebral sloth you suffer, to even fathom what you should miss and what you shouldn't.
.

Have we not watched Nollywood movies where the ultimate resolution of a screenplay was to allow the victim find love/romance/happily-ever-after in the arms of the man who raped her, say, ten years earlier?

The script would usually define the girl as a prostitute (as a consequence of rape)... her life would be a mess. Then she would "stumble" on her rapist who is now a successful Christian. He would be sympathetic and ask for - yes - FORGIVENESS. He would help her out of poverty and prostitution... and they will live happily in a marriage.

Nigerians don't know what forgiveness means. We don't know what we should love or loathe, cherish or discard.

We don't know anything.

It is mental sloth and apathy that is the root of your quick confessions and easy forgiveness.

You are too lazy to think.

Many would rather die than actually think.

Toh.