# Rant1321


October 21, 2018

I mean...

This is one of the very successful female entrepreneurs in Nigeria.

Her success has been celebrated for over two decades.

Yet this is the kind of topic she deems necessary to teach women in 2018?!

I am so tired of Nigerians. Such low standards. Such poor subservient promises - from the rich to the poor.

We keep recycling the same things, just with different logos.

This fauxpowerment trend for women - ranging from master classes to conferences are the most idiotic set-up. 

I am uninterested in what others do... but this one, this kind of topic... for shame!

What is wrong with us?

Will a successful man ever gather other men to teach them how to "get your wife to support your success?"

Do we even see men gather for Men Empowerment conferences? Do they gather themselves in one hall to talk about how to succeed? Do they have sob-sob groups where they complain endlessly about how women fail to love them? 

There are over one thousand female empowerment organisations, companies and conferences in Nigeria. YET at the end of it all, we are here - telling women how to be grateful, how to be manipulative... because with a topic like this, whatever she is going to teach will have a form of subtle manipulation.

I am so tired.

Why is it taking women over 100 years of feminism and yet be stuck in this phase -  this excruciating need to be simple and clearly idiotic.

One hundred years... and at least two vibrant decades of Equality balderdash, yet we are still here - holding a class on how our success should get the support of a husband.

I am so tired.

If this was any random woman, I'll move past it.

But this woman has been in the public eye for decades.

Pray tell, what is this?

I can't. I just can't.

I am going to tell my daughters about marriage... and how very unnecessary it is in a third world country.

If you want to get married, go to a first world nation where society raises men and women equally, where your rights in marriage are protected, and where you are not judged if you need to move on from it.

Because you may need to move on from it, and I want you to know it is ok!

Fuck it! It is ok!

There is so much more to us than a document signed at a registry or a flamboyant church ceremony.

Men know this. When will women get it?!

When? Think!

We are putting our happiness, our right to succeed, our right to freedom in the hands of an institution that clearly states - with all other supporting institutions - that you are beneath someone else.

First world countries continue to amend their laws to address these issues... but third world? We hold conferences to empower women. In these conferences we shut men out and teach women some kind of secret on how to succeed... things men have known for over 200 years.

Kill me, please!

I cannot think of anything that needs to go extinct faster than marriage and the boundaries it presents all the freaking time!

We are part of a world where a desert is transformed to one of the most magnificent cities in the world.

But Africa is here, and the individuals who should lead the path to true restoration and growth are busy holding seminars on how to "get your husband to support your success".

A seminar that places the godhead of your own destiny firmly on someone else's head - a man's. 

I am tired.

This is NOT a topic to consider in 2018.

No. 

Women, why are you so small?

For shame.