# Rant1134


April 6, 2018

A miracle in ten steps:

1. I lost a company

2. I did a video. I was distraught.

3. He saw it. He asked that we go for dinner
 Gave me a gift after food - a book on Mental Toughness to help me through the exhaustion I suffered mentally.

4. I said I just want to rest this year.

5. He said, "No. You love what you do. You don't want to rest. You want to make a difference."

6. He gave me a chair, "Sit, I'll be back." He wore a superman cape and flew out the window.

7. When he came back, two weeks later, he came with documents to start the company again - new investor (him), new office in Lekki, furniture, A/C, laptops, screenwriting apps, even water dispenser! Brand new everything.
No profit sharing. Just an angel investor.

8. "The world hasn't seen 5% of what you are," he said. "It will be a grave sin to let it waste when I can help it flourish. I will die in your corner, Joy."

He said he will die in my corner. Whew.

9. I wish I could tell y'all that I was superwoman and I was resilient and never gave up and met with 50 investors before one would accept. Nah. I did give up because, truly, I dont have to work this year. I didn't want to meet any investor. But you know, I love to wake up in the morning, go to an office, and conquer something - anything! A large chunk of my sense of value is tied to the things I create as an artist. I have been like a shadow these weeks past. I love the energy that comes with creating content within structures that are beautiful. Teamwork, brainstorming, deadlines... ah bless! What was I thinking? Of course I have to jump right back into work! I am made for these things. Not to faff around.

10. I have Writers Inc back. I'm ditching the name though. Call my renaissance, Write Culture. Office opens in two weeks time.

PS: The best part of all of this? I reached out to my writers and I shared the good news. Oh the joy in my heart! 
I am not able to have them all back. One step at a time. I am starting with three of them (haven't picked yet). Some have moved on, and I am so happy for them. But it is a cry of victory to tell them I am back.

I am back.

I feel like a princess. A princess ready to do great work.

Rejoice with me, friends! Raise your glasses of wine or water or beer and let's toast to new beginnings and beautiful people life brings our way. 
To everyone who dropped a kind comment and inbox message... you were all part of the process of my healing. I thank you.

.

May you also be that person who can confidently say...

It is too early to celebrate my fall.

😉