# Rant1341


November 8, 2018

To love a woman like me cannot be easy.

If I was a normal Nigerian woman, shebi I would have said yes to my boyfriend's proposal?

I would have moved into his house... quietly dropping my private things in his apartment one by one until I have a box full of stuff, and then act like I was unaware how my toothbrush landed in his bathroom, and my heels in his shoe rack.

But I don't even have my charger in his apartment.

If I was normal, I would celebrate and do testimonies of getting this wonderful, generous lover... and introduce him to my family members.

Yet I wouldn't, even after he asked.

I'd have paid his mother a visit, and sat there to eat soup with goat meat hopefully...

But I don't even bring his family discussion up.

As a normal Nigerian woman, I'd be pregnant by now sef, caressing a 5-month pregnancy like the sweetest toy in the world...

But I am here wearing slim waist band to sleep and jogging every day.
.

If I was an average woman, I would have taken over your kitchen, and made you buckets of soup to show off my wife material quality...

But I am yet to even boil water in your kitchen.
.
.

Regardless, you know I love you.

You walked into my life at one of my lowest, most heartbreaking moments...

I dare say I have never been so broken... because I loved my ex greatly.

But you didn't mind... you sat with me every other day to hear me talk endlessly about another man with bouts of affection, pain and lust pouring out of me.

And even you admitted that you see how my eyes light up when I talk about him...

Yet you chose to be second best in my heart. Even in that lowly position I placed you in my heart, you loved me like I was the only woman worth loving in the world.

Damn.

I am so undeserving of you.

I'm not sure why I am making this post... maybe because you sent me another text this morning to assure me of your "love that will never wane".

And as you continue to plan our lives together, I am wondering... do I really fit into this picture?

I don't know. 

I know I have not responded to this love like I should.

But no matter how it seems, no matter my ultimate desire or decision...

Know that you are the best thing that ever happened to my life... because you came willingly when I felt terribly un-loved... and then you loved me like it was the only mission you were sent to this world to do.

By jove, I don't deserve you.

You are a good man.
.

Pic: #tbt to the first trip we made together. I took a quick picture in my hotel room before heading to the airport.

❤