# Rant1210


July 15, 2018

Some nitwits trailed Banky W's car from the start of a supermarket through a popular road. 

Why?

Because he was driving a 1999 SUV.

I'll say that again - some persons filmed Banky W as he drove his SUV because it is an old model and they needed to shame him for driving something so "shameful".

They said, "See what Banky and Susu are driving. Deadbeat car."

They posted on social media.

Smh.

If you are a critic, continue to speak about popular culture and its damage to a society as ignorant and poor as Nigeria. Do not let anyone make you feel you speak because you are... err... "unloved", or whatever the fuck their twisted minds can come up with. They are part of the problem. They are dogs. 

Ensure that your children are first critics before anything. Else we will continue to produce one disgraceful generation after the other, hustling to "make it" without commensurate commonsense to go with it.

Someone sent it to me via Instablog, and I cringed my way out of my DM. I am always shocked to realise again and again that people are actually pea-brained and asinine. 

We must make people understand that... IT IS OK NOT TO HAVE MONEY! 

Check out developed societies and what they judge a human being by. Hardly ever about money or car.

You are a human being for god's sake; you are ever evolving. Your sum-total is not by the digits of your bank account. No.

Stop this!

I don't want my children to grow up to this nonsense. By God!

You cannot build the most viable culture around hustle and money. It is not healthy, it is not wise. This culture doesn't breed entrepreneurs, it breeds thieves, online fraudsters, pretentious lifestyle, and desperate grabbers. There's no virtue in society when money comes before knowledge and identity.

Can't you see???
.

I don't think we have enough people speaking against this kind of retardedness that permeates popular culture.

We are doomed. If this is how we think, then we are doomed. Our economy proves this, the way we practice religion proves this, our social media space proves this, our ultimate ambitions prove this.

Whew.