# Rant1203


July 7, 2018

I think I spoke too soon about this place.

So today, Religion came visiting. The Redeemed Church parks their bus in the premises. The kabashers alight. I am taking my late morning walk. They are like 30 people, they spread themselves and their tongues like butter all over the premises, even on people's porches!

It is about to rain, so I go back to my room. The cleaner is still tidying my bedroom, so I sit on my porch. My headphones on, listening to Asap's 'Fucking Problems'.

I try to ignore their presence littered around like sheets of paper escaping a child's clumsy care.

Then one of them steps on my porch and wants my attention. 

"Leave my porch," I say calmly.

He wants to tell me about Jesus.

"Leave my fucking porch."

I am just at that part of the song where 2Chaniz is saying, "I love bad bitches that's my fucking problem". I haven't heard this song in a while, so why won't they let me enjoy it, ehn?

He leaves the porch. But now they surround my suite and are praying and speaking in tongues without my permission.

It's amazing the liberties religion have in Nigeria. Why should a group of persons invade your personal space and trespass on your porch just because they feel their religion gives them some kind of license to be a nuisance? Why should a resort allow this? 

I look across and some of them are standing by other people's doors, praying and gesticulating and trying to get a reverent nod from heaven.

This exercise... is it to wad off evil spirits? Is it to cleanse the resort? Get them more customers? Stop the killings in Nigeria?

Whatever they need to pray about will a room be too small for their prayers to contain?

I hear one bark, "Lord help your son, the Vice President."

I'm tried.

Anyway, I refuse to get upset... and I'm not calling the reception to whine either. I've spent 8 days of bliss here. This morning, the chef prepared a special breakfast just for me with a call to thank me for patronising the resort. They are used to having companies bring their team and executives over, so I think they are chuffed to have one woman take the time out of life's activities to spend time here. Let me revel in that.

Even God is tired of their performance. He sends the rains to silence their noise making.

I still recommend it though. Not even this silly religious theatrics can erase the beauty of this place. My silence was taken for a few hours. I can leave with that.

Let me go and loud that song on my laptop. Been so long I listened to it...