# Rant1202


July 6, 2018

Epe Resort is very quiet and breathtaking in its tranquility. If you live in a bustling city, this getaway will enrich your soul.

I make a daily schedule every morning. Here's what it looks like:

1. I wake up by 8am (which is a flaw because I would rather wake up by 6.30am and jog for one hour. But the bed is so soft and warm; the duvet won't let me go. It's tough rising early Lol)

2. I read three books at a time. So I read 60 pages every morning, (that's 20 pages from one book), or six chapters (depending on the length). 

3. I sit on my porch and meditate. Shut my eyes and think about absolutely nothing for 30 minutes. Finally I allow ideas rush into my mind for another 30 minutes without editing or worrying about execution. I just allow my mind run wild with ideas.

4. I go for breakfast.

5. Because I always miss waking up early, I do my jogging after breakfast - two hours after.

6. Then I shower. And I write scripts for clients. I edit work from the office sent to my mail. I also make calls.

7. I Netflix.

8. I read more chapters from the books I have.

9. I go to the rooftop bar for a drink. There I read stuff online.

10. I come back for a nap.

11. I order late lunch.

12. I watch CNN

13. I do my evening jog/walk.

14. I shower. (My boyfriend bought me the coolest pajamas with the softest fabric in Dubai. It makes my breasts and ass look like fresh melons. The feel of the fabric on your body is everything. It's always a joy to slip them on)

15. I listen to music on Spotify. It has everything down to the years when I was just a child. I search for songs and I start to cry because it brings back such lovely childhood memories listening to them. Sigh.

16. I Netflix some more.

17. My last activity for the day is to write something - anything in my special folder on my laptop.
.
Every morning is a new life here. You wake up with the anticipation of experiencing and exploring something beautiful in absolute silence.

And if any sound were to come your way, you would command it to happen. You'd seek for it, otherwise, silence is the default. It's amazing.

I was torn between going back to The Gambia, but when I think of the long hours flying, and clumsy connecting flights, I just dumped the idea.

Ghana was already planned. But I ditched it last minute. I wanted to be closer to home.

I still have a few days left here. I'm glad I came.