# Rant1082


February18, 2018

An ex woke me up with a text this morning:

"I miss good conversation. I miss you. I'm prowling your page everyday trying to fill the void."

I'm not sure I miss conversation with him, but I get what he's saying.

I believe I have been denied good conversation all my life. That is where half my Nigerian frustration comes from.

When I'm moving into a new place, all I wish for is a smart neighbour I can invite to my apartment and have great conversation. So far, no luck. And I've moved twice. I can barely scale through the banter we have with our gates open after an elaborate good morning.

When you work in a place, you are searching for a kindred spirit. That person in tune to your energy that you literally cannot wait for daybreak to drive off to work to live out another day where you both get to talk endlessly about life. I've worked everywhere, no luck still. 

Friendships. That breathtaking intelligence you find in another woman and you cannot wait for the weekend so you can both stretch your legs in the beach sand and hold a damn good conversation. The temptation to make a trip just so you can both end up at Starbucks and drink coffee all the way to Macy's curled up in a world where only you two exist. Even in your silence are words, because you've shared them so many times your silence becomes comfort. Sigh. It hasn't happened yet.

Relationships? Aargh! Always starts good. But you will soon find your conversation, after a few weeks, wither to thinly veiled contempt and slight.

Family. Sigh. Nothing. It's a life of updates on achievements and kind assistance.

50 inbox messages everyday. Yet you are searching for someone with sense. Nada.

Am I really going to die without fully experiencing the intriguing mind of another person - not through a book or an article, but skin-to-skin, seated next to me, holding a conversation that brightens both our world without the typical tiring judgments of what the next person should be?

It is where the deep dissatisfaction comes from.

I remember taking a bus trip from Boston to Houston (was it?). 4 hours long. And I remember thinking how much of a waste it was to spend it reading a book because I don't get to enjoy the view. And how still unsatisfactory it'd be sharing the hours with someone else because they'd turn out average and I'd be yearning for my own company.

I remember taking that trip to Manhattan and all I prayed about was good conversation and good taste that knows how to express itself.

Conversation is not our strongest attribute as a people. We talk a lot, no doubt. Religion allows our mouths to be perpetually open. But it's empty, lazy, boring, colourless, judgemental horseshit falling from mouths. Like bad plumbing, it holds no water.