# Rant1131


April 5, 2018

Nigerians understand and demonstrate only three emotions - anger, laughter and pity.

For a woman who believes every human must enjoy and be acquainted with 50 or more emotions, I have to handpick acquaintances and love interests to be certain they are familiar with, at least, 25 emotions.

I am not here in this world to laugh, vex and show pity. Then die.

I have a full range of emotions, some of them yet to be defined or explored.

When I drive around with good music, there are a bundle of emotions going on.

When I am listening to the words of a lover face-to-face, there's a different set of emotions.

When I open the door to a place I call my own - my own career space that empowers me, I feel a rush of emotions that sweep my heart away.

There are a bunch of emotions I experience after a good movie at a cinema. 

When I walk away, emotions consume me.

When I look out my window, watching the world carry on, I feel a bunch things.

I am the one who sits and cries for no reason.

I am the one who laughs for no reason.

I am the one sharing the contents of my heart without shame or fear.

I am the one with child-like joy and expressions.

I am the one totally in awe of new experiences.

I am the one drenched in nostalgia.
.

However, one emotion I don't indulge in is bitterness. 

You won't catch me dead holding someone at ransom in my head.

I won't entertain bitterness beyond a minute. I refuse to have acne or wrinkles or lose out on the colour of life for the sake of someone else.

I am too deliberate to allow any emotion destroy me.

Emotions must replenish me. If they don't, they die.

#Live