# Rant1118


March 22, 2018

Our biggest tragedy is that we find humour in all our misfortunes. If our afflictions are one-liners, then we are clowns and our audience (the world) will find our destitution to be a form entertainment.

How we are able to laugh and make jokes on serious issues that expose our third-world devastation and penury beats me every freaking time.

There's a joke already around Chibok vs. Dapchi girls.

Isn't that sick?

How mentally deranged can you be to find humour in girls kidnapped, raped and packaged back to earth? How can one make any kind of jest or quip around this?

We enable a corrupt system. We make it so easy for corrupt leaders to exist because the worst that can be done, in this public court, is a few humorous clapbacks. Just a very few individuals truly challenge the government. And when they find them, they make them media advisers to shush them up, pull them to their corner with a few dollars stuck in their throats.

The rest of you are useless. You'll joke about corruption, about nepotism, rape, hunger or abuse. Everything is up for gag or wisecrack.

It is sick. And it is an enabler.

Your penchant for finding humour in every incompetent and inefficient system and persons in this country, enables underdevelopment.

Try and take yourself a little seriously if you want change.

If the only consequence of lying about snakes eating money is thousands of people making jokes around it, then it's ok to have an elephant raid a bank the next time... because this Nigerian public court is a weak version of Mr. Bean.

All we do is laugh. When we are done laughing, we empathise. We show empathy even to the "devil" because we are too lazy mentally to think up any other method to dealing with life and its troubling situations.

I'm not advocating for anger because the Nigerian anger is a mess anyways - uncontrollable idiocy without smarts or method to its madness.

Don't be angry. But can you try to build another kind of emotion or mental reaction that isn't just about bland humour and foolish jokes?

No?

I am really curious to know what the average Nigerian couple talk about.

Because our reaction to everything worries me greatly. And I believe it is a spillover from our privates lives.

We are laughing our way to vagrancy and impoverishment everyday.

May this laughter not choke you to death.