# Rant1098


March 1, 2018

Patriarchy is not omnipresent.

Two years ago I blamed patriarchy for everything.

Today, I don't.

Patriarchy is to Feminists what the Devil is to Christians - that idol we must blame for all our transgressions, so we come out squeaky clean and faultless after every poor decision is made.

How convenient.

If a woman stays in an abusive marriage, it has nothing to do with the patriarchy. That woman decided to stay married to her abuser. Period.

Stockholm syndrome is yet another comfortable myth to patronize women. How come men don't suffer this condition? 

It's amazing how we want to campaign for equality on one hand, yet continue to make women seem very weak, stupid and unable to make smart decisions to ever be comparable to masculine smarts on the other hand.

For instance, I hear there's a Cee-C manipulating a man called Tobi in Big Brother Naija, so much that the guy keeps apologising every second for crimes even he isn't aware he committed.

That man is being emotionally abused. But it's a man so society believes he should be able to handle the situation. If it were the other way round, there'd have been many insinuations online as to how similar this couple is to many relationships where women are emotionally abused. And we would have the trolls come out to share testimonies to buttress their sad feminine points, with the support groups rising from dust to pat the backs of the hundreds of women talking about the Tobi in their lives, with the hashtag: #IUsedToKnowTobi

Whew.

But it's pin-drop silence right now.

Hypocrites.

Let us forget how incredibly shallow and pedestrian Cee-C tactics are for any man with half a working brain to fall for. I mean, she's not exactly smart or top-notch in any form... it's the plight of two average people struggling through an excruciatingly dull relationship.

But I deviate. These people don't matter really.

Back to Patriarchy.

If we blame patriarchy for abused women in marriages, what do we blame for child abuse in the hands of these women?

Do we blame Patriarchy still? 

For women who burn their wards with hot water, hot oil, or leave their battered hands to rot away with maggots after months of abuse? Who do we blame, huh?

After Patriarchy beats up wives, it turns around and instruct these wives to abuse children, innit?

Amazing stunt.

Patriarchy has also been accused of giving little opportunities to girls to gain academic pursuits or career in STEM.

It's not that women would rather do other things, no! It is Patriarchy that whispers to them, like the devil whispers to religious folks, to dream smaller and go for, err, Secretariat Studies instead.

Apparently women are not responsible for anything.

If a woman dies in a decade marriage embellished witj constant abuse without the common sense of getting out, it's Patriarchy's fault.

If we don't have more women studying Technology or Physics, it's Patriarchy's fault.

If women compete for the attention of one scrawny male, it's all on Patriarchy.

If women cannot stop dreaming about some other person saving them from basic hunger, it's Patriarchy.

Alopecia caused by weaving Brazillian hair into your scalp, blame Patriarchy.

Bleaching your skin until you become a little monster only pretty when you add filter to your phone camera, blame Patriarchy.

Patriarchy is what makes women choose marriage over every single thing or ambition or purpose on the face of the earth.

Patriarchy makes women stay married to scum.

Patriarchy is what makes people have children they can't take care of.

The all-powerful, all-knowing Patriarchy.

Smh.

When next you see one of those ignorant feminists, great them thus...

"Eku Patriarchy oh!" 

Toh.