# Rant1030


December 6, 2017

I bumped into an unfortunate post where a non-feminist male and a feminist male were having one of those arguments that really should be left alone.

The non-feminist male was polite. Spoke his mind about e-feminism and why it is largely a sham.

Then came the male feminist and all his dangling parts. He barges in with an insult. 

The male feminist shames him with yet another polite word.

A normal human being with a speck of brain at this point should be ashamed of himself. No, not this male feminist. He pulls out more derogatory words as a means to shut his opponent.

Non-feminist is still trying to get him to stay on track. Nah, not this fool; this e-feminist male is heading for ruins.

Non-feminist male backs down. At this point e-feminist male has graduated to insulting the mother of non-feminist male. A woman who has no business in this argument. There was nothing about the issue that should ever get to a point where mothers should be insulted. But we are talking about e-feminists, so no surprises there. 

E-feminist male says: "I'm going to fuck your mother and get her pregnant."

Non-feminist said nothing.

E-feminist continues: "How would you feel having a brother from me when I fuck your mother."

Non-feminist said nothing.

E-feminist who, at this point, has clearly evolved into an e-rapist, belches on: "Your mother is going to like me in her bed, you know?"

At this point, as should be expected, other male e-feminists have joined in, laughing and having a good time while their fellow moron abuses someone else's mother. 

These e-feminists fight for equality, yes?  

They want equality alright. But whilst they are on that mission, let's screw someone's mother and shame him whilst we do so.

The most dangerous species is the 20 - 21ish year old e-whatevers. There's ignorance, patriarchy, a sense of immortality, entitlement and immaturity that feeds their desperation and treachery. I have no dealings whatsoever with any male in that age group. You won't even find them as friends on my wall. Their desperation and idiocy multiples when they embrace any -ism.

How is it that the non-feminist is the one who shows decorum? 

I mean, it doesn't take any talent to insult a woman or someone's mother. All you need to do is open your mouth, be a stinking bastard and let the words pour out.

So why didn't the non-feminist male take that same route? Because it is not the -ism that makes you a decent human being, it is what you are within. The non-feminist is a better human being than those e-feminists.

The man who allegedly doesn't care about equality, is the man who didn't drag a woman into an argument.

Your e-feminist and his fellow -ists were having a great time fucking the guy's mother in their utterances. 

But that's not all, you see. The wall where this shame took place belongs to a woman. She didn't think it was wise to delete those nasty comments. And some of the people cheering this fool on were women, e-feminists.

Women with the self-esteem of a toilet mop. 

Feminists indeed. Only the women you like deserve "equality", the rest of the world are free sport for your penis and your bad mouths. A non-feminist had to teach you decorum by keeping quiet as you insulted his mother. For what? Because of some lousy discussion about e-feminism?!

They don't care about equality. Feminism is just a hip word that looks good in their bio. It feels soft when it rolls in their tongue. That's all.

This resonates in many ways across board: 

When you need God, don't go to a "Nigerian church".

When you need help, don't go to the Nigeria Police.

When you need a loan, don't approach the Nigerian bank.

When you want to trust that your right to equality is a real issue and not a trending discussion for likes or shares, do not engage these fools called e-feminists. They are vile! 

I don't remember where and how I found it, but I will look for it. I have to find that post and block every single one of those faux feminists including the owner of the wall, and throw the keys to hades!