# Rant1001


November 9, 2017

As much as I like farting over that mess of a topic on how "money isn't everything", I find it extremely annoying that people think they need to tell others this ordinary truth. 

Money isn't everything. But neither is being broke. 

Money is a lot of things. These days people aspire to be broke. It is the new woke. 

You will all be alright. 

I LOVE work. I can sit on my bed and make just as much... I have done that before, but I love teamwork, especially if it's a brilliant team. I love the urgency, I love the energy, the fast paced creativity.

I will choose work over sex. Over a relationship. I have many times.

So what does that tell you?

It means THIS is my "more to life", my "finding yourself", my "discovering other things that are more valuable". Work is my woke. 

I tie many discussions to your ability to make money. Not necessarily cash, but your aspirations and how marketable they are.

I make judgments based on pepole's money habits. It cuts off a lot of bullshit. 

It is patronizing and quite pathetic to insist that life must be evaluated based on parameters that favour your lack or gain.

I am sick of people talking about kindness like it's a new bedmate. A lot of Nigerian kindness wouldn't be necessary if people embraced self dignity and money-making habits. Period.

We are too pathetic in our quest to make others help us. Even a poor man has something to give. But Nigerians don't give, they just take. 

If a poor man walks up to you and ask to wash your clothes so he can feed his children, you most likely will give him money just because his approach is less about him and more about you. 

What irks, and what has kept us on scum level, is begging without any desire for an exchange. 

It's begging for the sake of begging.

Miss me with all that emotional bull crap. 

You want kindness? Buy some self dignity, add some value to your world, kindness will come to you. 

Work is my kindness. Work is my happily ever after. Work is that thing y'all keep talking about that you hope will change people's minds. 

Nobody can make me feel bad about work or money. I'm too old to even care beyond a rant or two. Until sand can pay my children's school fees and afford them some luxury, money will always look pretty. Prettier than your sermons. 

Y'all go ahead and embrace the joys of being broke. It's the new trend. Let the rest of us stay old fashioned, chasing paper.

Work is my "go get a life."

And back to that nasty-ass weave woman pushing a car...

It's amazing, isn't it? We want the husband to show (her) kindness. But was the woman kind to herself? Diverting funds like a retard to less urgent things.

Since we expect that, as a lesser being, she is prone to misbehaving by using money meant for car repairs to fix a weave, we put the responsibility of kindness on the superior being - the man.

Abi? 

The man has to be the kind one.

Because gender inequality. 

Shame on you people. 

It's too early for this kind of idiocy.

Let me face this Lagos traffic in front of me abeg. 

Good morning.