# Rant1034


December 7, 2017

So they ask the question:

If you could save one person from a burning house before the fire consumes the entire structure, who will you save:

a) Your child
b) Your husband
*
I would think the answer would be, at once, easy. I mean, there's no contest at all, it has to be my child.

But I was quick to judge, as I discovered a beast on Amanda's wall who made it his duty to shame every woman who chose to save their child instead of a husband in this situation.

"So you people want to tell me that if you have an awesome husband you will let him die in fire, and you will save a child. A wonderful husband will die just like that because you are so stupid. A child can die, but you can have three or four more children with your darling husband. You people are saving a child? I wonder who is marrying these women." 

That's his response.

When they asked him if he'd save his wife instead of his son... he died a silent fool.

In the Nigerian school of thought, his response is appropriate. I can imagine many people nodding and agreeing to this, actually.

But you see, you would have to be an animal - no, actually that's an insult to animals. You'd have to be less than a dog to think like this.

Children are not cardigans you pick from a store: Buy One Get One Free. 

Children are not ribbons. "If it gets lost I can always buy another one." No.

I don't care how fertile you think you are; children should always come first.

Adults should always give their lives for the sake of a child. That's how a human being is supposed to think.

This is obviously going to go over your heads as Nigerians because you are used to abandoning children based on the prophecy of a moron, claiming they are witches. 

You are used to covering up husbands and uncles who rape your underaged maids, and in other cases, your own children.

You leave your children out there in the danger of darkness to sell groundnuts till 11pm.

You allow your 5 year old cross major roads to school with his 4 year old sister while you feed your husband breakfast, and render morning sex because "hubby is horny".

You have always chosen a man over your children. Children are of little importance to you. It is why you can have six of them without considering the economy. You tell yourself you are under a different economy. You call it the economy of Jesus. Nah. You are just a horny cow with zero sense and no plans for yourself or the future of your children. 

We don't cherish children. 

That's why there are no proper laws to arrest runaway dads. That's why a man's death can render his entire family homeless when his relatives pounce on his property, throwing his nuclear family out on the streets.

You don't care about kids.

It is why a woman is kicked out for not having a male child in some parts of Nigeria. It is why you keep having kids until one male child pops out of your vagina. You don't care about the children, you just want something that will crown you a woman with her feet solidly in her marriage, or give you local respect amongst your kinsmen. Taking care of the kids is the least of your worries.

So yes, a man like this will have many supporters.

But the real answer to that question shouldn't be "your child". It actually should be "a child". 

Any child.

If a man, woman and child are drowning, the first thing you should do is try to save yourself (you can't save anyone unless you are safe). If you can't save yourself, and there's only one rope dangling from a helicopter with an instruction that states it can only pull one person up... I mean, there's no debate here: the man and woman should place the child on that rope. Whether they are related or not. They should lose their lives for the slightest chance of giving a child (any child) hope and a future. 

But we are Nigerians, and this in some ways, is up for debate. 

*However, if during childbirth complication, a decision had to be made by the doctor and the family to save one person... the mother most likely would be saved. It's a slightly different situation. 
But when a 6 year old, for instance, is stuck in a burning house with his mother, for God's sake, a society should first save the child.
And if at all an adult is saved instead of a child, it should never be because she needs to continue having sex and babies with an "awesome husband".

In those days of gallant men, death was an honourable thing. Now you'd find a man pushing his 16 year old son to watch the door when there's a robbery attack in the neighbourhood, while he hides inside the kitchen cabinet.

Odiegwu.