# Rant1000

November 7, 2017

I dedicate my 1000th rant to my new office. A community that inspires and challenges me. I am part of a major project that gets my heart beating.

Let me tell you about it.

It is called THE NETWORK BANK.

We've passed through two logos and many concepts, but the vision remains the same. We call it the anti-establishment. We go against everything that controls and dictates your power to live your best life.

What we offer is simple. It is not a pyramid. With our structure everybody stays up. A bit idyllic, but the opportunities are there for you to explore. The maths is simple. Your growth isn’t masked with contours and percentages and figures that will thin out your benefits. No.

They say to be born is, by itself, a miracle. Now that you have life, what are you going to do about it? Let it frit away or explore your opportunities and ensure you live everyday like a new born without losing your wonder?

Stay curious, at least; enough to know that you deserve more from life, from society, from government than you already get.

When you join THE NETWORK BANK, you position yourself to grow, and your business to expand. If you don’t have a business, you can start a side hustle; heck, you can join the community as a student with free hours for exchange.

First you become a distributor with N120,000. This gives you our Comprehensive Distributor’s Pack. What’s in the pack? All our partner brands at ridiculous discounts. You can decide to just sell and make a helluva profit OR you can decide to do more…

Here’s what “more” looks like:

When you tell your friends and family members, acquaintances and colleagues about us; for every new contact that joins THE NETWORK BANK from your list, you immediately get N40,000! That means, you get your full capital back if you get 3 persons to join THE NETWORK BANK.
*

And there’s “more”…

When your contact distributors buy a second Comprehensive Distributor’s Pack, you get 20% off their fees. As a matter of fact, you get 20% off every pack they buy, FOREVER!

Let that sink in.

Every single time they come back to buy another pack, growth happens to you.
*

And some “more”…

If you get 10 distributors, you get a special brand new (of course) gadget or device – very useful stuff like laptops, phones, generators, refrigerators, tablets etc.
*

And “more”…

When you become a distributor, you become a member of a community that looks out for you.

I swear, I wanted to start something like this early this year, didn’t I? Two weeks screaming on my wall, I gathered 400 people; but when the numbers came, I didn’t know what to do with them. We had people who were willing to sponsor The Revolution, as I called it, but I lost my spark, grew an intense hatred for Nigeria, and put an end to the movement.

Now here I am, living through all of that magic via an organisation bold enough to do what I couldn't.  

As I was saying, when you join THE NETWORK BANK, you become part of a family. And what does family do? Family protects, empowers and values you.

I have told you how we can empower you financially – you give us your mite, you grow exponentially.

For Value: At THE NETWORK BANK, we bring you closer to the people who need your services or skills. The community connects you to your potential clients and customers. When you join a community of over 5,000 people, for a start, imagine the numbers you’ll be reaching, for free, to advertise your skill or business.

To Protect: If you require healthcare and you can’t afford it, we will take care of it. If you need a lawyer for all the injustices you go through on a daily basis in the land of the lawless, we will provide you legal services all at NO COST.

When you become one of us, we look out for you.

You need therapy? You think you may have depression with your mood swings keeping you down, we have therapists you should be talking to.
*

There’s still “more”:

We have an event coming up on Saturday, 2nd of December. It’s called The Payback Project. It’s another opportunity to learn more about THE NETWORK BANK.

If you become a distributor before then, we will position you at the event to talk to no less than 10 people who also want to become distributors; then you can earn your N40,000 on anyone of them you sign up.

The event will hold at THE CIVIC CENTRE, Victoria Island, Lagos.

Whew! It’s a whole lot of magic. The right kind of atmosphere to flourish.

Your celebrities will be there. If you are a Frank Donga or Chigul fan, they’ll be hosting. Niniola will be singing. Inspirational talks will come from Omoni Oboli, Toyin Abraham and Fela Durotoye.

Plus small chops and all that finger-licking things you like.

Come early for the “red carpet” activities biko. Instagram photo booths, straw signage declaring how awesome you are, banter, selfies, pictures… and you also get to taste and feel all of the brand products we have partnered with.

Visit our website to get a feel of what we are about. Refresh every hour to get more information: www.thenetworkbank.com

Then call this number, speak to our execs. Join the community. Know more: 0908-299-8648

#TheNetworkBank #ThePaybackProject #TNB120k