# Rant1028


December 4, 2017

When I was young, my mum had a special prayer:

"If e dey happen for front, we go dey back. If e dey happen for back, we go dey front."

And as I child, I thought that prayer was flawed. Because I always worried about the people who we would be leaving in front or behind when trouble arrives. 

It's the mind of a child to think out of the box.

The fact that prayers require us to think mainly about ourselves and our family disturbed me as a child. 

But I got used to it, you see; because as I write this, there's a church around the corner with a pastor screaming: "December calamity will not near your door."

So whose door should calamity visit? Your enemies? 

Who is an enemy, anyways?

The person you can't stand? The neighbour who won't give you salt? The chick who's better than you? The "village witch" that visits as an owl? The stray cat under your car? Your stepmother? Mother-in-law? Landlord?

Who is this enemy and these people we leave behind when we pray for our own safety?
*
I was having this lazy conversation with people I normally wouldn't have conversation with a while back, and one of them said a woman lost her child because she was an unbeliever.

I had to remind this neanderthal that only recently a praying celebrity Christian had a stillbirth. A woman who participated in the popular midnight praying activity lost her pregnancy. Would it be fair to say that she lost it because she is a believer?

You would think by now fanatics will tell the truth - good and evil happen to everyone, whether a believer or an unbeliever - whatever the heck that even means.

Unbelievers don't die. PEOPLE die. Unbelievers are not the only ones who are poor. I personally think Christians are poorer. Unbelievers aren't sick and in hospitals. PEOPLE are sick. Unbelievers aren't depressed. PEOPLE are depressed, miserable, stupid, name it. 

People. 

Religion is yet to protect you from the common tragedies and ailments affecting the world. 

Nigerians sold in Libya aren't atheists. I bet you many of them pray fervently and come from homes where their mothers cry by midnight holding on to the pillows of their children.

There's so much more to life than religious theatrics.

See what I got on WhatsApp. The "minus me" prayer point (see photo).

It's incredibly selfish, terribly myopic. The kind of prayer that keeps our third world spirit alive.

I'm sure God is really bored.

If you think about it... how many people really care enough to want to watch you fall? Are they up to ten? Not likely. Many people have just ONE enemy, then they exhaust all their time praying for that enemy to be shamed. Yawn. 

Many religious folks pray for the downfall of ONE enemy for a hundred years. Just one. Your father's younger sister who was branded a witch. All your energy and midnight kabashing is just to get rid of one person from the face of the earth, year in year out.

All of your attention and prayer exercise is focused on destroying one person. Not 20 people, not 50. Just one. From 1988 to 2017, ONE person.

The rest of the people you think wish you bad are actually not what you think they are. They don't wish you bad. You are just upset that they are indifferent to your existence, so you label them enemies too.

If you are so obsessed with your "enemies", when do you get the time to live a life that focuses on your strengths and dreams and ambitions and the things you like? 

I was chilling in my car on Saturday by midnight because I couldn't get into the apartment (key wahala and all that), the occupant in the next apartment came out in her white garment sprinkling water and oil around from the first floor... as if it is a crime to find another human being by midnight chilling in her own damn car. 

At that minute, I am some kind of enemy because apparently my intentions aren't so clear, so I need to suffer her religious judgments. 

Religion is a journey that takes you round a circle, then back to where you started. No progress, just a lot of activity. 

You would think people who claim to love God would want December to "minus" everybody from tragedy.

Nah. Just them and their families. And their friends, of course.

Thank God for God sha. This shit prayer doesn't even get close to His throne of Grace. Angel Raphael, one of the seven angels guarding the throne, will kick this prayer point far away, back into a gutter in Nnewi where it belongs.