# Rant1026


December 3, 2017

People forget that I left a marriage. I took a bag and walked away. I left all my clothes, my international passport, my washing machine, my refrigerator. I took just one bag and never went back. 

People forget that just barely two months ago, I moved my children to another school right in the middle of a term! I started from scratch buying new school uniforms, new textbooks and notebooks, paying school fees, developmental fees and boarding fees, all over again.

Why?

Because the peace of my soul cannot be compromised.

Money has not been able to buy my peace. The promise of love has not been able to buy my peace. 

Peace is all that I know. And anything that threatens my peace, must leave.

I am aware people like me are not made to be exceptionally rich in monetary terms. Our truths are frightening and hard to swallow. People are uncomfortable because they need us to be regular, ordinary, able to fit in, get along, don't say it as it is. These qualities will keep you poor in a country like Nigeria. And I embrace these qualities proudly.

So I am incredibly shocked that I don't only get by, I am able to still live a very good life where my immediate needs and all my children's needs are met with ease. I am grateful for the Power that makes this possible. 

I cannot compromise my own peace.

During my NYSC I was posted to the secretariat. Just 10 of us from tons of corpers. I recall one colleague said I was so lucky, I'd find a government official who'll take care of me, take me to town and get me nice things every other week. 

I smirked. The next day, I went to the NYSC office to change my post to English teacher at a community school. A school where I had to teach English with a Yoruba interpreter. 

Yet I had peace.

I will not compromise my peace of mind for anything. 

The things I have left behind, the opportunities I walk away from because I was seeking peace first, are the kind of opportunities many people will give their kidney to have.

Yet in all the opportunities I am presented with every other day, I have placed peace above them all.

I have stopped speaking to people, even family members, when I feel my peace depart whenever they come near.

Nobody is more important to me than the peace of my soul. 

I believe that peace to be God.

If I am walking away, just know that I am protecting my peace, first. And my dignity, next.