# Rant1037


December 8, 2017

Micro-managing is the worst kind of management style anyone can adopt in this era. It makes no sense to oversee every detail of an establishment. Omnipresence is the quality only God has. 

Micro-managing is counterproductive. In the short and long run it produces zombies, and at best, clones. People take the worst form of their micro-manager and display the skewed identity in ways that disrupts real progress in the institution. 

Micro-managing produces very insecure people. They may be hard working, they may deliver on certain obligations, they may even pride themselves as result-oriented. But they lack original ideas or forward-thinking concepts.
Micro-managing is limiting. You cannot build lasting success in business watching how every T is crossed.

Micro-managing is mathematics at best: it's 1 + 1. The real deal is to make an estsablishment Art. There's a lack of soul and, frankly, less colourful or creative results when people are micro-managed.

I despise micro-managing mainly because every system and institution in Nigeria micro-manages people.

Nigerian parents are micro-managers. 
"Who is that boy you are talking to?" 
"You must read medicine!" 
"Have you apologised to your uncle? He's a paedophile, so what? Show respect to your elders."

There's just not enough room to explore your own curiosities. To make up your own mind. To adjust to your own beliefs or realities.

It could be one of the reasons we cannot engage without our brain caving in.

The major religions we have embraced are micro-managing instituitons. The fact that you give your religious heads so much power over your day-to-day existence is not only crazy, but it is beneath your own calling as a being. 

Our culture micro-manages us. 

Patriarchy micro-manages mostly women - when to marry, what to look like when you are single, what to say, what to wear, the general performance required to stay low and mediocre. 

The only place that really shouldn't be like society is the establishment you work for. It should give you room to grow creatively.

What I find disturbing about micro-managing is the reach of your talent - it's too small. Who gets to judge if you are good or not? It's usually just one individual. Maybe two. And that's just damn right ridiculous. In an establishment that practices micro-managing, you have only one person attending your concert - the boss or a manager. And that's limiting in every way.

Micro-managing instituitons are like prison cells. You don't know what's going on out there in the world. You are living in theory. Practice is quite different. When you eventually step out from that cocoon, you realise you can't get your rhythm straight. You stagger. The sun is too hot. There are too many people. The noise is too loud. 

You know things, but you know it only within a structure, a box. 

The worst effect is the lack of trust micro-managing breeds. That trust issue affects the productivity of the staff especially when it is time to change the rhythm. They are unsure; because they have learned to get oxygen from only one source; they are good at one thing or maybe a few things. Change is not the easiest thing to introduce to a micro-managing firm. When change comes, you see them gnawing in slow-mo, their skin coming off, eyes gouged out, teeth falling out in resistance. It would be sad if it wasn't so hilarious. 

Since this era is all about evolving at the speed of light and creating the best ideas and wildest creations you can conceive, then micro-managing stands in its own way.

I don't even micro-manage my own kids. I haven't used the parental guidance button on DSTV just yet. I don't grab their tablets and see what they are doing. I don't snoop around smelling for clues. I don't check their school work looking for things to judge. 

I need to first make them understand that I TRUST them and I think highly of their opinions and decisions. I don't want to wear their passions out by acting like a neurotic mother. 

There's just no place to micro-manage people and their routines in a world where cars can drive themselves and have conversations with their passengers.