# Rant1003


November 12, 2017

A few reasons we are a third world country:

How we handle tithe and pastors:

"I did not call pastors into ministry, therefore I am not authorised to give opinions or criticise them."

It is the same way third world dwellers handle paedophilia:

"Why was the child not with her mother? Don't remove your eyes for one minute from your child oh. See how she's walking around in pampers."

The same way we handle education:

"Lautech students were rude to call the governor out. It is not our culture to address elders that way."

Same way we talk about politics:

"Don't envy what God has blessed. Don't envy Melaye (or Tinubu or this or that). Ask God for your own."

Same way we handle domestic violence:

"Just pray. Nothing God cannot do. Then watch how you talk. Don't talk like okro soup."

Same way we handle all our plights:

"Well, I am not in a position to judge. God knows best."
*

Sub humans. Third grade human beings. Third world losers. Lesser beings. Afraid. Unsure. Helpless. Hopeless. Basking in self-acclaimed wisdom. No grit. No sauce. No passion. Living in a box. Circling a line. Monkey-afraid-of-the-water-when-it-climbs-the-ladder-for-banana. Never evolving. Never growing. Existing not living. Spineless. Cowards. 

I see you all. 

Go and ask the developed nations you fly to every vacation how they deal with churches that become too rich without proof of owning multinational companies.

Go and ask how they deal with paedophiles, thieving government officials. Ask how they deal with domestic violence; how they handle poor education and social economic issues.

Ask! Oh! But you know already. You know they do not "leave criticism in the hands of God."

Mentally lazy Nigerians, impotent with one and half balls.

You think your patronizing withdrawal or silence is a sign of experience and wisdom? Bleh!

Shame on you!