# Rant1032


December 6, 2017

I've wanted to say this for a while. I think I should just say it now:

The problem with copying and pasting is this:

It fools the audience. And because the average commenter isn't so smart... and that's putting it mildly - the average commenter is a panda. S/he is blind to details and they'll praise you to high heavens for something you didn't write.

You will be inclined to correct the first commenter; but then 20 commenters will say the same thing, and after a minute you begin to thank them for praising your, err, intelligence. 

Except this "intelligence" is not yours. It doesn't mean you are daft, it just means you do not sound or write like the original author. How your audience cannot tell the difference, beats me. I mean, I can tell a Maureen, Vera, Ayinke, Lami, Sylph, Idem or Bola piece anywhere I find them. 

I know that Teetee shares a lot of dailymail links, and Prisca shares a lot of memes. 

A clever audience should know your voice and have a good idea the strength of your vocabulary; but they don't. The Nigerian audience don't know anything.

So your intentions of copying and pasting may be noble, but we need to place that intention side by side the IQ of the average commenter. They make you out to look like a plagiarist, hailing a work that isn't yours. God forbid you say, "thank you" to a comment that tells you (that) you have first-grade brain as regard a copy-and-paste post, that minute you become a fullblown plagiarist.

Only Temidayo can copy and paste my work and I'd be damn sure of two things:

1. She doesn't need to pass it off as hers because she is a superior writer by every standard of writing.

2. Her audience knows her work and can tell when she is sharing someone else's. 

For the rest of you, I have been dying to say this for so long... STOP COPYING AND PASTING MY POSTS. 

It's subtle plagiarism. It's brazen appropriation. It irks the shit outta me. 

It's rude. The only appropriate means to show regard is to share a post. That's why there's a share button; use it.

I am careful about interpretation. I don't write for many people. So when I find my posts available for just anyone to drop a comment, I cringe. 

I don't care about what followers do with my posts. They can't get into the club, anyways. And I'll never find their posts because I don't check up on followers. 

But friends, stop copying my posts. 

I'm sure we are cool with this simple rule.

*muaaah.