# Rant1011


November 18, 2017

I can imagine the Amstel Malta creative team thinking up this concept of a sealed bottle.

"We have to be different."

"Exactly. We have to stand out."

"Let's wrap the Amstel Malta pep bottle like a bottle of wine."

"Why?"

"So people take our drink as seriously as they take a rich bottle of wine."

"Hmm."

"Why don't we just follow the regular way of sealing soda and other malt drinks?" 

"Noooo. How do we make a statement if our packaging is like every other Malt drink?"

"See ehn, that extra effort of sealing the bottle will make our customers realise that we put in so much effort into making Amstel Malta drink special."

"Very true!"

"They will begin to see malt drink in a different light - more like Champagne, but cheaper -"

"Don't say 'cheap', say 'more affordable.'"

"Yes, more affordable than wine -"

"Yet goes through the same painstaking packaging like the most expensive wine."

"Exactly."

"Alright then! That's a hit."
*

Faux woke morons.

I'm using my teeth, a knife and a scissors to open an ordinary malt drink. When Maltina snaps open at the first twist of the cork. 

I'm never buying an Amstel Malta, as long as it carries this pretentious packaging. 
*

Same thing with Milo. 

We want to be different. We want to be different... Milo changed their packaging. They introduced a rubber-like cover that allows air in so easily. After experiencing 10 cans of Milo turn to hard cement, I stopped buying Milo. 

I'm sure it is one daft creative team that came up with the idea. 

Something like... "why can't we reinvent the wheel..."

They should have left the tin cover the hell alone.