# Rant1002


November 11, 2017

Let's teach our children about Happiness.

Happiness is not coldstone icecream or a new set of fancy Barbie bric-a-brac. 

As a parent, I learn that Happiness isn't a place or a thing. Happiness is a state of mind, regardless of what you have or don't have.

It is why we see very happy children on the streets, without shoes on, covered in dirty clothes you can't even use to wipe your floor... yet they are happy. Probably even happier than your well-groomed kids.

Because Happiness must be deliberate. If you wait for circumstances or people or things to make you happy, you'll be waiting a very long time.

I am happy when I am busy and when I am not. I am happy in the morning and at night. I am happy even when I have deadlines hovering over my head. I have learned to find Happiness is everything. 

I am happy when I am in a relationship, and I am very happy when I am single. Happy when I am stuck in Oshodi traffic for hours, happy when I am enjoying first-class hospitality at a suite.

I choose, everyday, to be happy. 

I am not Happy when I am broke though. I think that's the only time Happiness doesn't happen to me. It is why I am deliberate with the things that I do, my career decisions and people I hang around. If there isn't any symbiotic relationship, then it is a waste of time and it'll threaten my happiness, which I will never allow.

Teach your children that Happiness is a choice. They have to choose Happiness everyday - whether they wake up on a waterbed or on a mat. Be happy.

When you eat, when you read, when you play, when you clean the house, do the laundry, run errands, weave your hair... find Happiness. It's there. And don't attach it to anything. Let it stand confidently on its own... even in the midst of turmoil. .

In failure, find some Happiness still.

Children shouldn't have everything they ask for. But as long as sexual, emotional, verbal or physical abuse isn't happening... then they must find Happiness in their present circumstances - whatever the circumstances are.

Teach them how to deal with Happiness extinguishers. If they have friends or acquaintances or even family members who suck the joy out of life, stay away from them and don't even give any explanation. 

There's Happiness in almost everything. 

Happiness is key. Children must learn to own it. If they start now, they will own very enriching lives.