# Rant1005


November 12, 2017

All they have to say is...

"You cannot discern the things of the spirit with your mind. A natural man  cannot comprehend the things of God. You cannot use logic to pursue God''s spiritual mystery... yada yada..."

Then all of you will start to clap like toys controlled by tiger batteries.

The only mystery I see is the convenience of claiming God's special calling when all you really want is a nice car, travel liberties to any island in the world, easy money and authority over gullible folks.

And the benefit of getting a slap on the wrist for some of your nasty sins. E.g: Adultery of life.

All of these churches surrounded by stark ignorance and poverty... The richest pastors are Nigerians, making private jet monies from Nigeria - a country where more than half the population live under a dollar per day. So poor they can't afford a three-square meal.

And you dare raise your hands to count yourself blessed. Blessed over starving people. 

Nations without religion solve all of the world's problem. But with our claim to knowing God and, err, hearing expressly from Him, we are yet to figure out how to fix anything in this country, not even a bulb that will last 365 days without power cut.  

It is a third world disaster, which makes the tales of "tithing to be blessed" a lousy joke.

If this is what a god-filled country looks like, you should choose the alternative. Nigeria is not the kind of place a living God will approve of. And to find some suit-wearing negroes confessing to know Him in all of this biting dirt and poverty, is a mockery of God's good intentions.