# Rant1036


December 7, 2017

I stopped watching Cheaters a long time ago. Yesterday, however, I bumped into an episode that I'd like to talk about.

This African American chick caught her man with another woman. The side chic is pregnant. Main chick is outraged. She's been with this man for 6 years. In her words, "I've given six years of my life to him. How could he do this to me?"

Side chic is having a good day. She announces she's pregnant. The women get into a fight. Man is by the corner looking at them. Cheaters production team pull the women apart. Man announces he's not letting go of any of them. They should all be together. Side chic is angry. She wants him to choose only her. Main chic is fed up. She tells the side chick to keep the man. "This is the man you are pregnant for? And you think you're doing me?"

Well, not exactly in those words, but you get my drift.

The women won't just stop fighting. They tear at each other and it's an embarrassing scene for me to watch.

Then something happened. Something profound.

Whilst the side chic is taunting the main chic and vice versa, both of them dragging a piece of this man. The man turns to look at them, and he says:

"What are you doing? Screaming and fighting? I'm just a man. I'm just flesh and blood. I'm not special. Not exceptional. I just have a regular job. I use the toilet. My breath stinks in the morning. I bleed. I fall sick. I fuck up. I'm just regular. I'm not God. Am I really worth it? All of this bickering and hate? You bitches don't even know each other. So what the fuck are you fighting for? Because of me?! Because of a dick?!"

I stood up, alone in my sitting room, and gave that man a rousing applause.

I have always thought of it this way. Always.

First off, women should stop saying they gave their best years to a man. Why are you giving your years to a man? Share your life with a man, but be present in that life too. Stop saying he took all those years from you. You are a human BEING, not a footmat. He didn't steal your years; you shouldnt be leasing your life in the first place. Be present in your own life. Spare us the sob stories about giving him your best years. He didn't ask you for it; he isn't leasing his own "best years" to you, so how stupid do you think this makes you look? Nobody needs to own your life. Men don't ask for it, you offer it to them and then turn around and use it as a tool for manipulation. Stop measuring time and sacrifices you choose to offer as a yardstick for loyalty or commitment. Stop being a victim of every circumstance you choose to create. 

Secondly, what are you really fighting for? Is it worth it?

Of course, every woman will claim their relationship is worth fighting for. You see some men and you want to use them as a rag to clean your toilet floor, yet there's a woman somewhere who's ready to slash another woman's cheek for this mop-of-a-man.

These things stun men. They just can't understand why we need to fight to keep them. They shit and fart and bleed. They err. They are not worth fighting for. Men know this (except many arrogant Nigerian men). They just can't wrap their heads around why you need to give up your education or your career because he asked you to. Why do you surrender to his selfish wishes? How about your life? Your goals?

They wonder about these things. But since women will never change, there are just going to keep enjoying all the sacrifices you allow yourself to become just to have them around. 

However you look at it, woman, you lose. You are always losing in this relationship business... because you can't seem to use your head to think.