# Rant1016


November 25, 2017

I usually give 100% on a job. When I see it is a forward-thinking company, I switch to 120%. The job literally becomes my oxygen. 

I have had people say to me; "why do you share all your ideas with the company you work for? Save some for yourself. What if you lose your job?" 
Others will say, "see as you carry this work for head. Abeg drop the thing with a loud thud. I think you deserve better."

They say this in good faith, from their own understanding, so I don't get offended. Actually I appreciate the advise, but I never use them.

A smart boss will find it rare and will know how to maximise my energy and overflowing passion and almost insane joy at working. But an average boss will find it strange and become wary.

It's a Nigerian thing. The person whose job you "carry for head" will start to wonder why you carry their work for head. As if it shouldn't be that way. As if it isn't the right thing.

For the first type of boss, there's no fear to work your brains out. It is pure joy to finally fulfil something without restraints or that weird look from people because the company will protect you even from its own doubts and politics. 

But for the second type of boss, just pack your bags and your laptop and leave.

At a former place of work, there was a coup, and the only writer that survived was the one with the biggest buttocks.

I'll say that again: the company saved the writer with the biggest buttocks. She wasn't my best writer. She didn't come with constant optimism for the job. She started out that way for a few weeks, then finally revealed her true intentions which are clearly none of my business. But I was certain the system was smart enough to see through this nonsense. I saw through it after a few weeks. But I trusted the system to see through that bullshit. The system didn't.

Everything she displayed at first was a means to an end. These people were having meetings behind my back on how to get rid of all the other writers. My best writer lost her job with the others. It was a coup that required my participation at first, but I made it clear that if the system got rid of my writers, then I'd leave too. So when they sprayed sack letters like confetti in the office, they saved only the writer with big buttocks. Gave her an empty A4 paper, pretending she too was being sacked. Now I ask: what was that all about?

I don't care how good a writer you are, if you don't have a good vibe, fuck out of my space. I can write that shit you think makes you god. I can write it ten times better. 

I had poured my entire being into that company for a year. The rest of the time I was there, seeing how badly issues where handled and how things lapped on top of themselves without proper resolution, I became increasingly bored and withdrew 60% of my passion.

The only thing in all of that charade that worried me was my best writer. I believe every good writer should have a good job that allows him/her to soar. So I went looking for a job for her. Not for myself. I mean, let's be frank, I can do without one. But I love a good establishment. I love brainstorming. I love team work if it'll involve smart people. I love the activities of a good job. I love the identity it gives me. I love the participation.

These days I wake up by 4am and head to a job that I totally love. Experience keeps telling me to slow down but I say no no no. I live for this energy. I will not let anything stand between how I respond to life. This is who I am - 101% contributor to work. 

I never thought it was possible for any job to make me want to get up so early. And at the end of everyday, I have to tear myself away from the work just so I can head back into traffic. Whether mainland or island it takes, at least, two and half hours to get home. Imagine if I stayed around the corner, I'll be a work junkie, and all my colleagues will hate me 😂

I'll write a book on my work experiences eventually.