# Rant1025


December 2, 2017

It's been 20 minutes, and the airconditioner in my room is yet to come on. For a hotel, 20 minutes is like forever without a/c. So I call the front desk to complain.

"So sorry, ma," the executive said, "we have been on generator for THREE days without any support from NEPA. We want to refill diesel, engine oil and meet other necessary needs of the generator.  The one on at the moment cannot run the aircomditioners. Please give us 30 minutes."

Do you know that some TV stations and some businesses that function with constant electricity run permanently on generators and have saved themselves the stress of NEPA?

Why then are we really a country when we provide our own electricity? Why do we pay tax?

And why are Nigerians never angry? Why does our anger stop at protecting our rich pastors?

If we attack the people holding this country at ransom the way we attack Daddy Freeze and people like us who don't give a shit about your pastors... if we respond to the decaying situation of Nigeria with same passion, shaming the government and crying out for a better way of life.

Even if it doesn't solve all the problem, at least we would have responded in the way humans are meant to respond.

It is impossible to continue to function as a country when we do not have the basics to glue us together. 

The only thing you have as a Nigerian is Hope. That hope is given to you by religion, by pastors who don't actually live on hope but on the material satisfaction your money affords them.

See ehn, that your Hope in 2017 is a curse.

It has kept you living like an animal without goods roads, without clean water, without electricity, with nothing.

Hope isnt the journey. Hope is water through the journey. 

Nigerians, haven't you run out of water yet?