# Rant1027


December 4, 2017

Warning: This rant is all over the place. 
*
Jolly makes friends easily. She craves association, and I respect that.

Ife doesn't give a shit about friendships. Whenever I ask her if she has forged a (new) friendship with anyone, she rolls eyes and says: "I don't care about those people." 

It's always been that way with her. In her former school, there was a girl she respected because she was brilliant. 

"Chichi is brilliant!" She'd say. Between the two of them and one other classmate, they made the Top 3 squad. But Ife didn't want to be her friend. She just wanted to admire and be admired from afar.

She judges people based on value and intelligence and holds no deep interest beyond that.

One day she asked if she was weird. If this attitude of not needing friendship was absurd.

"Yes! You are very weird!" Her sister laughed. "Mummy she 's weird oh."

"Nah. She's not." I smile at Jolly.

"Ife you are not weird. You are just like me. Value is really all I see."

I may not always agree to this but when I think of my social antecedents and the people I couldn't wait to get rid of or the ones I wanted to build lasting relationships with, all my decisions where based on value. 

That's it.

I know Ife is going to be OK. That young lady's happiness is complete with a novel and internet access to her tablet.

But Jolly wants relationship. And I think, either way, it is beautiful.

She has made two friends in her new school. I've met both of them. I've had conversations with both of them. She is closer to one, as it always is.

The first time she announced to me that she has a new friend, I asked her:

"Is she kind to you?"

That is all I care about.

Is. She. Kind. To. You. 

"The minute she stops being kind, you need to end that relationship," I said.

"She's kind," Jolly said.

And all is well with the world. 
*

I know Nigerians like pain. We like to associate with people who think little of us. We spend too much time trying to prove to people we are worth the salt.

This pain exists in our marriages and love relationships. You are married to an unkind fellow and you stay there trying to make him change his mind. It's sad.

In business, we collaborate with people who think very little of our ethos, our vision. 

We are drawn to pain and the hardwork that comes from changing people's minds.

It's a headache because people are sold to their own bias. I can't raise my voice just so I or my opinions can be endorsed by anyone. I endorse myself. Period. And that is what it means to live a pain-less life. 

But you choose pain. It is why many of you have your comment section open to a deluge of people who do not align with your beliefs. It's why people are dying in marriages.It is why the common narrative of sexual assault in the last few years have been worrisome.

Because if you have read so many times on social media the sad experiences of women who were raped visiting and sleeping alone with a guy they barely know in his apartment... if you are not sold to pain and a lack of discernment, you would know not to play out that same script in your own life.

This is not victim shaming, this is commonsense. 

But we love pain. We love heartache. We love disappointment. So we are going to always read how one woman went home with a total stranger and after rounds of sex is crying to the world for justice. 

Do not sleep in a stranger's house all in a bid to have some "harmless fun". People are vile. They are selling kidneys in China. Selling human beings in Libya. Yet you want to trust a stranger on his own damn bed? What's wrong with you people? Ehn? Why do you like pain so much?!

We pay people to disrespect us. To think little of us. We don't do it deliberately, but we are drawn to that piece of wood stuck deep inside our fingernail. We like that pain of association.

I ended a friendship once because, well, I realised I was constantly unkind to her. I didn't respect her enough. I despised her opinions - she was still very far away from new thinking, and my responses were harsh. I tried to change but then I had to admit to myself that I will never be able to be her friend and be quiet when she says some of the shit (forgive me) about the place of a woman and the role of a man yada yada. I think I called her dumb once, and I do not want to be with any friend I'd ever refer to as dumb.

Now check this: she wasn't the one who ended it. I did. I was being unkind - not intentionally, believe me; her opinions were so lazy I couldn't help myself. But you'd expect she would end it. She didn't. It is for the love of pain that she didn't. I, the unkind one, had to make her see that she deserved better. 
*

The reason I am celibate is for the same reason. I can't be having sex with a man whose mind I do not respect. To have sex with someone lower than my cerebral expectation is more pain than being celibate. 

I just realised I hadn't had enough sex this year. I was feeling like a bird that just got her wings back yesterday, so I dialled a male friend that I believe to be decent and discreet and not active at all on social media (remember the dating/sex rules?)... 

This is where I switch to Ebonics: So we was talkin' and it was flowin' for a minute or so... then he said something I thought was dumb. I can't remember exactly wha' he said, but it sounded dumb, and all that I was feeling sexually just disappeared... like it rushed outta my system like an evil spirit and went into some roaming sheep around the corner yo. Just like that. 
I ain't having no "painful" sex with someone whose mind isn't top notch. Sorry, negro.

OK back to Naija English: 
So, as I was saying... don't choose pain over life. Be kind to the people you CHOOSE to associate with. Don't stay in people's lives accepting or displaying unkindness. That's pain. Let it go.