# Rant1040


December 13, 2017

There was a tanker/fuel explosion this afternoon at Amuwo Odofin link bridge along Festac. 

Fire Service arrived. As usual they arrived with not enough water and no hose to quench the fire. So the fire had a fun-filled day, ravaging cars and property without care.

This is our life. 5 decades and counting. Yet the same thing. No water to quench an ordinary burning tanker. 

Year in year out. The same damn thing. Yet we are proud to be Nigerians. We claim to be the giant of Africa. We are proud of our culture, our heritage, our schools without functional toilets. We are proud of potholes, traffic. We are proud of one good police officer from a pile of dung. We are proud of politicians with big bellies full of corruption dancing at their own time-to-chop parties.

We are proud when one politician puts a teenager on his seat for one day. Proud of Atiku's "woke" moments.

We are proud of Ebuka's agbada. Proud of our jollof rice beside the Ghanaians and the Kenyans. So proud are we of this inconsequential meal that when international figures show up at our door, it is one of the questions we ask them:

"Which jollof rice do you like the best?" With our pride hanging like starched clothes under the sun. 

The figure would think of us as incurably stupid. And would eventually link our crass underdevelopment to our choices and zero senses.

Proud for nothing people. 

We are proud to be black even when lightening creams sell faster than recharge cards. We are proud of our religious denominations. We are proud tithers as we watch pastors use our money to build schools our children cannot attend because we cannot afford the fees.

We are proud of our state and the poor amenities it prides itself.

We are proud people. Stupid people. Regressive people.

Proud for nothing. Investing in things that mean absolutely nothing. 

We are ageists. Feminists without purpose. Poor. Silly. Accepting sachets of Squadron in exchange for development. 

We destroy our own roads so motorists can pay when they drive by.

We never have water in our Fire Service trucks. Never. 5 decades and counting. Yet we aren't suffering drought. Just laziness, incompetence, indeference, wickedness, degeneracy, irreverence, impunity. 

I hate this country. I hate it so much, I blank out. 

This is not life at all.