# Rant1041


December 21, 2017

I can't keep this kind of excitement to myself. These women are going to kill me, but I can't keep quiet. I can't keep still.

#Rant1041, I talked about my daughters coming 1st and 2nd in their classes this term - a school they joined in the middle of a new term with a hectic schedule and responsibility to write long notes of up to 17 subjects. Remember?

I was going to take them to a nice hotel, probably for a night and have milkshakes and dinner.

But Seun, my dear friend, said no. 

She's booked us into Eko Hotel for the weekend!!!

Eko hotel! 
.
.

So I was still trying to catch my breath on that surprise, when Angie, another friend, sent N75,000 to my account so I could treat the girls to something special this season...

Now I'm trying to hold it together, because I am about to burst in excitement...

Then I get another N75,000 alert from Angie. AGAIN!

This is probably a mistake, right? I thought she did one transaction twice in error. I should send back the other half.

But she immediately called:

"It is not an error, Joy. I have a young girl and I have lived in Nigeria. I have a good idea how tough this is. And I am in awe of how you make parenting so easy, so genuine. I am rooting for you, lioness! Go and have a wonderful Christmas with those beautiful girls."

I am so blessed. And I don't know why.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

My girls are happy!

I mean, if these are what fake friends are made of, shouldn't you be praying to have friends as fake as mine.

Bwahahahahahahhahahahaha!!!

Ah! I'm so petty and so happy!!!

Thank you, Seun - my mentor, my friend.

Thank you, Angie! I hope you come for summer next year.