# Rant1035


December 7, 2017

My people, plix let me say this before the year runs out.

I'm not gay. I'm not bisexual. Stop asking me out.

I know it sounds hypocritical because, as they say, it is actually closet homosexuals that vehemently resist homosexuality publicly... like that American senator.

But I'm not being vehement. I'm just stating a fact and saving you all that stress that will lead to nowhere.

I like men. A lot. 

You need to see me when I am attracted to a man... cheeeeiiii!!! I start to jog upandan to lose weight. I'll throw my Burberry perfume aside and go buy Issey Miyake or Marc Jacobs. I'll be sounding like a bird let out of a cage on the phone. And if jogging doesn't work, I'll starve for days and lose all my tummy fat. I pedicure and manicure, and listen to Rihanna. And I just start to glow anyhow.

I'll drive anywhere to meet the man I like. 

I don't feel that way about women. 

I mean, I've seen breasts. Prisca is a nudist so her breasts and ass is all over my space when she visits. Naked and unashamed, we'll both be on our phones making calls to (our) MEN. 

She in the bedroom, me in the living room. She can be covered in snow, I won't know this. I don't check women out. OK, I do. Hair, dress, perfume, heels, skin. But not sexually. We all stare at big butts, right? Doesn't mean I want to smack it.

I've seen Jolie's lips and I don't feel like kissing it. I won't go looking for Scarlett Johansson's nude. I am yet to watch Kim's sex tape.

Friends and I can talk about sex and all that lovely things women talk about. I think women are lucky in that regard, as we can faff around many topics without the awkwardness creeping in. 

We love each other. We think our vaginae are special (No, I have never peeped at any woman's vagina). We just talk. We say "Girl, I love you. You're hot." Then we say, "I love you, sweetie. I love you so much."

Then we use all those love emojis and emoticons to show how much we love our girlfriends. And we keep e-hugging and air-kissing and all that.

It's not sexual at all. Heterosexual women know this. 

It may seem like we don't have boundaries, but we do. It's very thin. Attraction isn't something you feign, we ain't hitting on each other sexually. We are not trying to "behave". We are not into each other like that. Period.

That entire girl situation might be confusing for bisexuals but it won't be cool making real sexual moves around it if you aren't sure of the next woman's sexual orientation. It's kinda creepy. I've never kissed a girl. It's not some kind of temptation I'm fighting. I don't care about women that way.

Women talk. In friendship, women play a lot. I have zero chill buttons when it comes to conversation so it's all fun; but there's that bit of cerebral sophistication which guides conversation and keeps it far away from becoming rachet, and I like my girlfriends with that same level of brainpower.

But when it comes right down to attraction, relationship and sex, it's the opposite sex for me. It's the "Yoruba Man". Omoluabi of life.

Thank you for your understanding. This post is made of love. No judgments. ❤❤❤