# Rant1049


December 19, 2017

Yesterday, I went for my favourite drink, with Vera.

There's a reason I take the long drive to get my Tropical Tropicana, so it'd be totally unfair to have anyone mess it up.

Which they did. They served me watery pink nonsense, like something that'd come out of Trump if parts of him were put in a blender.

"Did you change your mixologist?" I asked.

"No, ma'am."

"I'm not taking this. Please get me Tropical Tropicana the way it should be."

"This is the way it should be, ma'am."

"No. I take this drink every other day. Heck, I dream about it. I'm in love with it. I KNOW what it looks like. Change it!"

The waitress takes it in. Five minutes later, she's out with another hurried watery mess.

"This is still poorly done. Is your mixologist having a fever?"

"No, ma'am."

"Give me water then."

"Let him try again, ma'am."

"Here's a picture of what my Tropical Tropicana should look like."

I show her the picture of the glass I took just a few days ago. She takes my phone to the inner room.

The third try came out ok. Still not as good as it should be. Here it is (see pix). It was hurriedly mixed and suffered an inferior taste.

The good thing in all of this? I'll not be having this drink again. This bad edition has cured me of an addiction.

The awesome part? I'll be saving my N2,500 henceforth. It definitely deserved a bad mix to bring me back to my senses. 

So here's a shout out to the mixologist: I have been delivered from this great-tasting-drink because of your poor edition. And with deliverance comes a cure to my weekly expenses.

This had to happen. I mean, I was having at least two glasses of this handsome drink every week. Phew!

PS: Don't let the frosty pink fool you. This particular glass tastes like Nutri-C.