# Rant1014


November 23, 2017

My hairdresser is an artisan. I have tried many times to make her into a professional artist. But she is stuck in that mediocre space Nigerians like to call, “down to earth”, “real”, “being yourself”, “managing your life.”

She doesn’t need to be any of these. She knows her craft and has the potential of meeting more people. She'd be an incredible success if only she stops being a bloody artisan.

I tell her: stop begging.

She begs for everything. Her phone was stolen, she begged me for a phone. I asked her if she was on crack. Why would I buy her a phone? Why?

When customers walk in she goes all “aunty this”, “aunty that” on them. It’s unnecessary. It makes customers treat her like their little niece. And we all know what we do to nieces – we pat their hair, ask them about school, then drop some Coca-Cola money when we are on our way out.

Is that how any professional would want to be treated? Like a cute child?

It is almost impossible to defend premium pricing when you lack charisma.

She is too eager. Eager to keep her customers. Once, she scolded another hairdresser for chatting with me. Unnecessary! 

She has begged me many times to buy her this and that. I still can’t find any reason she needs to be plebeian.

She makes a lot of money maintaining my low-cut. She charges even more on pedicure. Her pricing ranges from N4000 – N6500. And she gets customers. So what’s this obsession with being unpretentious? Every damn thing in life that means something comes with a good dose of perception. Nobody wants to know if you fart. We have a good idea that you do. But don’t fart just because you want to be “real”.

I fucking hate that word!

What the hell is “real” anyway? A group of people running around with bad breath and acne just to prove that they aren't fake?

Perception is not a joke. Perception is keeping your ghetto roots aside, and positioning your business nicely into an environment that can get you out of lack. This is different from driving your friend’s car and acting like you own the shit. It is different from borrowing a pair of Jimmy Choo and acting like you went on a million dollar shopping spree just to feed Instagram with lies when you can barely feed your stomach. This is not polygyny lite – rolling your bottom for a Rolls Royce.

THIS is wearing a perception your skill deserves. THIS is polishing your act to be deserving of an elite clientele.

She doesn’t get it when I say these things. She just wants to chew gum and beg for a new wrist watch.

It’s sad how Nigerians love being close to the ground, when they can actually take flight.