# Rant1039


December 13, 2017

This idea that a man has to pay me back the money invested in training my daughter, when he decides to bring his sac and a bunch of family members to my home for the sake of marriage, is just silly.

Where do we begin?

Do you wish to pay back millions of naira invested in education? 
What about healthcare? Daily upkeep that I can’t even account for. One minute I withdraw N60,000, the next minute, my purse has eaten its own flesh and left wretched N20 notes in the wake of its own gluttony. 
I swear I don’t know how I can have N100,000 in my purse, walk into a store like Shoprite and come out with a nylon bag and N8,000 change. How? In the bag you will find sanitary towel, harpic, peak milk, Ovaltine, Cocopops, orbit chewing gum and other random nothings. So how are you going to pay me for the many years of grooming my daughter?

Then I hear that they put the bride’s parents to test, you know, ask questions.

For someone like me, they'd ask:

“So where is ya husband? Why did ya leave him? Couldn’t ya have worked it out? Should we be scared ya daughter might do the same?”

And I’m going to sit on my palatial chair and look at the spokesperson dead in the eye, and say: 

“Fuck you.” 

And then drink from my glass of Baileys.

Ah! The sheer excitement I feel just thinking about it.

But I trust my daughters not to date average. I trust they won’t take that entire charade seriously. Or at least I trust they have the common sense to tell that entourage not to mess with their mother.

“She won’t sit down and act nice. She won’t conform. So maybe we should skip all this unnecessary process and go get married at a registry.” I hope they say that and spare me some bullshit culture. Culture that is yet to save the numbers brutalised, ruined and made average by "marriage".

If at all they wish to venture into matrimony, my prayer is they look outside Nigeria, really. I am still not convinced there’s any culture good enough to protect a wife in Nigeria. And I will not be alive and watch my children become average wives.

Or perhaps they don’t even get married. You know? Options. That they be very aware of their options and choose strictly for themselves and not what society thinks is good for them.

Personally, I am not taking any yam and palm oil and fuel from any in-laws.

My daughters are not for sale. Yam and plantain do not, in anyway, make up for the toil and price of motherhood.

Don’t patronize me.