# Rant1045


December 16, 2017

In some quarters, you have to be ashamed for declaring your heterosexuality.

In other quarters, you have to be ashamed for being feminist.

Then you have to be ashamed that you are divorced.

Be ashamed that you can conveniently take care of two kids. Because this doesn't sit well with culture, religion and patriarchy. You should be grovelling and begging one man, calling him everyday to bring school fees. Lol! I have never done that. I will die first. 

Then you have to be ashamed that, well, younger men seek you out for genuine relationships. A woman must be an ageist. She must date older men only. Even if it's just 30 minutes away from birth. 

(E.g: "Oh no. We can't date. You see, I am 35 years old too. But I was born by 11.35pm. What time were born on that day? 2.45pm? Great! You are older. Whew! Yes, we can do this then. I love you!)

You have to be ashamed that you live well and alone.

You have to be ashamed that you keep a steady body weight because it means you are caught up with the things of the flesh.

You have to be ashamed that you don't go to church as the worry on the faces of random people suggest you will end up in hell. 

You have to ashamed for being a work junkie; for loving work a little too much; for choosing to stay so late in the office. Be ashamed that nothing comes close to the kind of satisfaction work gives.

You have to be ashamed that you don't really care about cooking, and would rather outsource that part of your life. 
.
.
The business of Shame never ends. In a society like ours, we produce new editions every day, especially for women. And these women ALLOW themselves to be defined by these ridiculous terms.

I can't understand it. The Nigerian shame has no hold on me.

Ageism is the one I can never understand. 

The one who has inspired me for so long, whom I call mentor, Seun, SHE is younger.

I was obsessed with Toyosi Ogunsiji's success for a season and I made her realise so on a daily. SHE is younger. 

The boss who, in just a few weeks, introduced me to a different kind of thinking; different kind of guts... HE is younger.

My investor, HE is younger.

And the next man I date will most likely be younger, like it has been in the last 4 years. And yet the best dating years of my life.

So WTF is ageism? This shallow nonsense reserved for underdevelopment. 

We live decent lives. But we renounce this Nigerian shame. Shit has no hold on me. None whatsoever.