# Rant1009


November 18, 2017

Excerpt of Alexis wedding vows to Serena:

“You are the greatest of all time, not just in sport..."
*

A Nigerian marriage would have the "mothers and aunties and aprokos of the day" pulling the bride aside to bequeath her with some native "wisdom":

"Just because he calls you the greatest does not mean you are the greatest oh. You are not great in your marriage, you are just a wife like the rest of us. Learn to submit in your marriage. Your in-laws are greater than you. Cook for them, feed them, and don't slack in your wifely duties. Your greatness is on the pitch. Be a good wife. Listen to your husband and follow his instructions as the head of your life."

As if, in some ways, being "great" is equivalent to being a nuisance, an idiot, conceited or suffocating. 

As if she is a child who needs to be told how to wear her greatness so it doesn't offend others.

As if.

The most arrogant people are not great people. I have seen things, and I am aware that it is the human being below the rung of importance or value that looks around to find someone else, a little lower, to smack down even further.

Great people surround themselves with people who can challenge their ideas; they gather those they can benefit from. They are not intimidated. They pay people they believe come with true value to be part of their team. Because greatness needs to be fed a certain level of worth or brilliance to continue to be great. 

But the ordinary (wo)man with a bloody day job and a seat, will look down at the next surbordinate and address her like shit. Because people who aren't great are clearly insecure. They need to make a performance of their idiocy, of their desire to be revered. 

If you have ever heard an employee say: "just because we are in the same office, doesn't mean I am your mate."

Bitch, they are your mate! Else you should be floating a Fortune 500 company by now with your raggedy ass. If you are such hot sausage with bacon and sauce, why do you even have a day job?

Sit down. Be humble. 

The real great ones are not the problem of this world. It is "humble" Nigerians that are vile. 

Some of us have made it our social responsibility to save the underdog. 

But I deviate.

I was only going to wish Serena and Alexis a happy life together.

Peace and love.