# Rant1010


November 18, 2017

Why, as a mother of a girl child, should I "look forward to the day my daughter gets married"? 
Why is it crowned "the happiest day of my life" to watch her say her vows into a Nigerian marriage?

Typical Nigerian culture strips women of everything they can aspire to once they get married.

To a large extent, you can't have your own property. 
I know married women have landed property, however, it is a fight they have to win with in-laws, since many Nigerians believe a woman has to get permission for everything she desires after becoming a wife. And I find that to be tedious. 

She can't live life spontaneously. And if life isn't spontaneous, how can it be well lived? She can't get up and go! Everything has to be planned like the tasks of an old woman with backache.

In many Nigerian cultures, nothing really belongs to a woman - not even her vagina. 

She can't decide how many children she wants. Too many (other) people make that decision on her behalf - her mother-in-law, sister-in-laws, aunts, uncles, marriage counsellor, village head, random neighbour, social media followers.

As a mother, I'll have to watch my daughter sacrifice every damn thing just to stay married. I'll have to hear her say things like:

"Ah! It's 6pm. I have to go home and cook." (But you are not Gordon Ramsay. To hell with cooking).

I'll have to hear her say: "Let me talk to my husband before I take that job in Silicon Valley."

I'm going to say: "You need to watch your weight, girl."
And she's going to say: "As long as my husband isn't complaining, I'm good."

And I'm going to die just listening to that kind of shit. Conversations that show she doesn't really own her life. It's like being a child again - under my care.

When does a woman really grow up to make her own decisions? When does she walk in her own freedom?

There's never a time like that. Because even whilst being single, she isn't allowed to be single in peace. Everyone wants her to get hooked. We are afraid when a woman isn't supervised by an institution.

It is the same thing Sanusi said a few years back. He said that in the North, when a girl clocks 13, the society has no clue what to do with her, except find her a husband who can give her purpose - the benefit of marriage and motherhood. 

It seems alarming because of the age. In other parts of Nigeria, change 13 to 29, and it becomes the same concern. 

Underdeveloped societies have no clue what to do with women who have no desire to be married. They don't even know how to hold conversation with her without reminding her of that thing that they need to snap around her neck.

So I ask: why should I look forward to my daughter getting married? Why should it be top on my wish list? Why should it even be top 10 aspiration?

Do we care if women want to be mothers? I have seen a woman drop her child deliberately at a healthcare centre. I have seen women choose a randy man over their children. I have seen mothers despise their toddlers with just a look - a wish that they weren't born. 

And of course, we see picures of foetuses dumped at garbage sites and toilet pipes. 

Because this marriage dream is not something every woman truly wants. But society and the woman aren't sure what else she should become after a certain age except to be wife and mother.
*

A few months back, driving my kids around town, my girls started a conversation:

"I plan to have a very quiet life in a foreign country, reading many books and chilling," Ife said.

"That's mummy's dream!" Jolly replied.

(Yes. Every time I am upset, I go on a rant around the house on how I should be married to a white man who loves to sight of me reading and drinking rich wine).

"I know. But she isn't living it nah. She just talks about it. I might as well make it come true on her behalf," Ife said.

"What about your family - your children?" I asked.

"Who told you I want to have children?" Ife replied.

She may or may not change her mind on that. I don't care. All I care about, and I am proud of is the fact that she knows she has options. I make them understand that they always have options. As long as it is expectations from society and cultural norms, their list of options are many. 

On the top of that list is to call society's bluff.