# Rant1021


November 28, 2017

I don’t make a good sport with gossip. I mean, you’re supposed to play fair in that ugly game. 

When you gather in your corner, ready to talk a pile of mess, and you say: “She’s so full of herself. Nonsense!”

A good member of a gossip squad should respond: “Exactly! Arrogant thing. Shior!” 

That’s how gossip works. You must continue to fuel that bitterness. It has to ignite emotions like hate and anger. And in some cases, cheap ploy for revenge.

I am too much of a snub to talk about anyone except the things I care about. I cannot bring myself to talk about another person. I would feel very little, very ordinary to talk about someone if it wasn’t in ways that will nourish my soul.

When I have any caustic words to say about anyone, I will have it as a rant on this space. 

It is beneath me to gossip. I didn’t work this hard to be jealous of anyone. My peace of mind, my happiness is my priority. Envy rots the bones. That’s why many of you walk around looking like corpses. You gossip too much. Your bones are rotten. 

I have no business with anything that has the potential to steal my beauty. Gossip is ugly. I ain’t ugly. Let’s leave that shit for sad, ugly, insecure people busy chasing shadows and subs.

When it comes to gossip, I don’t play fair.

You’re going to start a conversation you wish to turn to raw bitter gossip. You’re going to say: “What’s wrong with Janet sef?”

You’ll expect a response from me. You won’t get it. I don’t care about Janet enough to care about what you think is wrong with her. I just don’t care.

I suffer chronic narcissism. I am only concerned about the people I choose to be concerned about.

If you’ve met me, then you’d discover that I look through people – like they are liquid, limpid, without form. They don’t truly exist unless I decide to mould them into shapes and breathe life into them. Unless I care about you, you will remain unseen no matter what you do. 

I see nothing, until I choose to.

I cannot bring myself, at this age, to gossip or share unproductive banter about people’s lives. I have my own life to live, and I like my life. I think it’s well laid-out and thoroughly defined. I can’t be bothered about bringing anyone down. Too tacky, too ratchet for me.

Oh! I love a good bashing of an AY Makun’s daft rant about makeup, for sure. I like a good thrashing of Toke’s hypocrisies. I will judge a domestic violence victim who will not take her head out of a bad marriage when it is staring her like a sword pointed right to her eye. I like to analyse events and people and situations. And I will never get tired of bashing African pastors.

But to sit in my inbox and talk about some random person (aka Facebook celebrity ish) is just not a good way to spend my time.

Beyond my disgust with feminists talking shit about revolution, it is impossible to find me in a corner analysing these Neanderthals. 

So when you say: “That girl is so fat and ugly. She is hiding behind feminism.” As a way to get my attention so we can bash this “girl” together – someone I already consider a retard, that’s a waste of precious time. 

So I’m going to say: “Don’t defile my private sanctuary with that talk. I don’t care about her. So I don’t care about this discussion.”

The enemy of my enemy is not my friend or my enemy. The enemy of my enemy is nobody important to me. I don't care about you people.

Don’t bring gossip my way. It is beneath me. A lot of things are beneath me. I made it so. I define the rules that govern my life.

If it makes you so mad that I will not come down from this high horse, you can go and bake cake.

Red velvet cake, please.