# Rant1038


December 12, 2017

In the last year, I decided to fight the big fights.

I mean, I already got a cake. I’m Anthony Joshua. I already got the Heavyweight title. 

Until you find someone who is pained enough with wretched hate to bake a cake, then you shouldn’t think much of your skills to infuriate. I am king provocateur. I even got one woman screaming all over the place about her child EVEN WHEN A NAME WASN’T MENTIONED ON THAT POST. Talk about living under my shadow, and trying so hard to destroy something you didn’t build. 

They tried to destroy me. They don’t know the kind of strength I am made of.

This same woman and her cronies – a bunch of low-life sisters, convinced a few people not to work with me as a scriptwriter. But I laugh. Because, you see, you don’t know me. You are fighting a ghost. You are fighting Death. You will never win.

I am Phoenix. “How does she continue to rise from dust?” They wonder.

You are not me. You will never be me. You will have to die first, then rise. But if you die, you do not have enough substance that will breathe you back into life. So you will die, and we will mourn your final end.

I have won the small fights, got me a hate cake, made many people die on green envy, made enemies who had no business being enemies… because when I confront one person, that individual brings an entire village to fight and make an attack. Always. They put ashes on their heads and turn to wailers.

Yet I come out unscathed.

I am bored with these little fights. As you can see, the last year has been quiet here. There’s no fight worth its salt on social media; unless I can get a Lamborghini and not a cake this time.
I am focused on the big fights. The Ambition fights. The Money fights. The fight for my dreams and goals.

I don’t fight for friendship. Sincerely I don’t even care if I have one friend left in this world. That shit doesn’t mean anything to me. I am still “shook” that I get so much love because I do not work hard for it. At all! People love me endlessly and I don’t know why.

I will not fight for love. If a man cannot see that I am made of gold just by being in my presence, then I cannot be bothered about trying to convince him to be with me. I find the hustle for love to be cringe-worthy. I don’t even have 5 days in a week to give to a man. I have two and a half days – Friday nights, Saturdays and Sundays. The rest of the week is for me, for my goals, for my job, for what I love doing. I will not fight for a man.

I do not acknowledge subs and canopies any longer. I think you must be sad and miserable to want to sub me at this point in my life. Like… you must be really shallow. I am king! There is nothing you can do about it.

I still see little children here and there in their nappies, hiding under copy-and-paste posts screaming “she is bitter”.

Sigh. You little rats. If I am what “bitterness” looks like, then you should all strive to be bitter, really.

I am focused.

This is my 2018 note to self.

I will fight, no doubt. But not these small fights that add no value to my life.

I will fight for my goals like a warrior.

And as you already know, if you stand in my way, you will be crushed.

I’m excited about 2018. Yay!!!

Fight the good fight, people.

Compliments of the Season, y’all!