# Rant1503


February 15, 2019

I remember when my children were bullied in school.

It was the start of 2018. They had been in the school for two terms.

I had a day job. And I was still emotionally trying to get used to having them in boarding school, away from my daily routine.

So I would call them every other day to know how they were faring.

One particular day, I sensed something was wrong. And I queried relentlessly for 45 minutes(!!!) until they opened up and told me they were being bullied.

By jove! My heart sank.

I was angry. I was mad. I was fuming. Smoke coming out from my nose. Fire in my hair. Sweltering coal in my eyes.

"What?!!" 

I screamed so loudly my colleagues jumped out from the adjoining office to know if all was well.

You see, I don't take bullying lightly. That shit destroys children for the rest of their lives!

It kills their confidence, makes them constantly unsure and afraid. Ruins their self esteem to tatters.

And I was not going to let some 15 year old kids in SS 2, think they have some form of authority over my children!

Not many things infuriate Nigerian parents... I mean, I heard of a child who came home with bruises sustained from bullying (in another school), and her mother was crying.

Crying! And that was all she did! Cry like an idiot!

You don't stand up for your children... why the f*ck then did you have them???

Cry, pray and then send the kid back to their abusers!

But if it is side chicks, you will be fuming from your anus and forming gang leader.

Sick priorities.

So anyway... I asked my kids what the f*ck was going on in that school.

I could hear the fear in their voices. My heart broke. My hands were shaking. 

I felt like a failure. 

I didn't protect my own children from something so common that it had finally crushed their spirit. 

And I always would ask them, every time I called, HOW ARE YOU? And that wasn't just formal greeting. My children know that I run deep and I dig deeper when it concerns them.

I am not flippant at all with parenting. I nip things in the bud. I will not stop until I crush everything in its wake.

So I was disappointed they didn't tell me immediately it started.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

And what they said broke my heart...

"Isn't it normal to be bullied in boarding school?"

I froze.

I don't know what that means. I have been on a journey of breaking norms for so long, and I have always involved my children in my own rebellion. How could they believe anything that hurts them is "normal".

Would they eventually grow up and date an abusive man and believe it is "normal"???

I went to boarding school and nobody abused me. When I was a senior, I was the Library Prefect and I didn't abuse any junior. I didn't care what was happening around me or if any senior thought I was weak for fetching my bucket of water myself or doing my chores by myself as a Prefect.
.

That night, I couldn't sleep.

First thing the next morning, I was at their school. It was a Saturday. 

My children came to me, I asked them to call out the seniors.

They were first reluctant.

I looked them dead in the eye...

"You are protecting your abusers??? Do you want me to tear this school down???"

They called the seniors.

I looked at the teenagers and I wanted to cry.

See how we recycle abuse. 

A junior suffers abuse. When she becomes a senior, she abuses others...

The husband abuses the wife. The wife abuses the maid. The maid abuses the toddler...

The politicians abuse the nation.

We get so used to abuse that we choose the least abusive partner, candidate, system in every situation. 

Because I couldn't understand why these children had to bully anyone - talk down on juniors, flog them, punish them for hours and humiliate them generally. Why???

"Call your parents, I want to bully them," I told the seniors.

I stretched my phone towards them.

"Go ahead and call them. I want to bully the parents who raised you. Go on!"

They didn't. 

So I moved a few inches closer.

"Do not ever bully my children again. I am a raving mad woman. You dig? I did not bring them here for your convenience. You mind your business. Face your studies and leave my children out of your fantasies of leadership."

They weren't kids in my eyes for a minute. They were abusers.

I said it. And I walked away.

The school had a meeting with the students and some parents the next Monday... and that entire episode was what led to eradicating 95% of bullying in the school.

No. I didn't trust anyone to deal with the situation like I would. I dealt with it myself. I nipped it in the bud.
.

Ife, when she finally found her voice, said to me...

"You have to take credit for this."

Jolly said, "You always say you are mad. What does that mean?"

"It means she doesn't care," Ife responded. 

I have moved on. Let them enjoy the peace I have created for them in their own world.
.

Parents...

When your kids are wrong, fight for the right of the other child and tell your kids they are wrong.

When your kids are right, stand with them.

When they are weak, fight for them. Then turn to them and tell them they have to find courage. 

Find courage.