# Rant1788



September 2, 2019

In my children's former school...

A father refused to pay school fees for his children when the marriage (with his wife) was over.

He did this to spite his ex-wife. 

She had no real money of her own.

The children suffered immeasurably. The embarrassment! They had no textbooks and soon suffered the consequences of a bitter, cruel man who disrupted their education because he wanted a woman to bow!

.

I said to myself...

This will NEVER happen to me.
.

So when my Ex was busy saying...

"I will not send money for the children until we have a family meeting yada yaga..." 
(concerning the marriage and lack of submission).

I Iaughed and laughed and laughed.

People underestimate others a lot.

You underestimate me.

I will show you.

But truth is... there's no point "showing" anybody.

I'm just living a good life. Living so well and taking care of my kids. I have no desire to "show" you. 

Basic people don't get it. They don't deserve your attention.
.

Just like when my half-sister called me begging for money, after she, her brother and her mother had STOLEN millions from my dad's fortune. 

Broke and back to square one...

They remembered that family called Isi.

Smh.
.

I told her...

"Listen, you and your fucking crew have no dignity. I don't rate you people at all. Forget you ever had a half-sister called Isi. Forget me because I have forgotten you completely..."

Then I added:

"Now, I want you to prove me wrong that you are not s.c.u.m. Go and be great, and let me regret my decision. I dare you."

I ended the call. 
.
.

Plenty gbas gbos in this rant, abi?

Yea. Daz how starz do.