# Rant 1601


April 25, 2019 

So I've been using this taxi service whenever I need to go to the Mainland. 

I noticed that he likes to get the attention of a certain type of women when they (women) try to walk briskly in front of the car.

He always attempts to run over them. He throttles with excitement, drives the car close to them, then presses the accelerator and break almost at the same time.

And the effect is always the same - the women eye him, hiss and run off.

From the backseat, I can see he derives plenty joy from this exercise. 

Niggaa needs attention 🙄
.
.

He did it again today.

So I asked him...

"You like those women, yes?"

"Ma?"

"You like those girls hawking wares on the street, yes?"

"Ah! Ma!" He blushes.

"You like how the cheap bra straps peeping out of their blouses fail to support the weight of their breasts, they jiggle when you press your breaks, yes?

"Ah! No, ma!"

You like the wiggle of their buttocks. They don't bother with panties. You like the thought of that, yes?"

"Ah! Aunty, no oo!"

I move close so he can see that I am not playing.

"The next time I am in this car and you try to scare those women, I will smack you at the back of your head. Agreed?"

"Sorry, ma."

Sorry ko. Sunburn ni.
.

Don't be deceived, he doesn't respect me.

He respects Status.

My perceived status.

And that is the weapon I employ to address his folly.
.

Silly man!

If you like those women, when you are done with the day's job, park your car and call one of them and buy her suya. Simple som'tin.

Be a gentleman. No!

You want to provoke them to get their attention because they forgot to teach you pipu chivalry.

Coconut head.

Shior!