# Rant1802


September 11, 2019

Unpopular Opinion.
.

See, no matter what anyone says…

We need women like Toke Makinwa.

We need women who look good after plastic surgery. Because it messes with your stereotype.

No, she isn’t fanta-and-coke.
No, she doesn’t suffer sunburns.
No, her ass doesn’t shift to a corner of her hip after her butt enhancement, as you would like to imagine.

She looks perfect!

And it’s hard for you to deal with this because you need desperately to find a flaw in the body she bought for herself.

We need women who can buy the body they want and rock it fearlessly and beautifully like Toke.

She doesn’t have to be deep. She is beautiful, she runs her business… how deeper should it get?

You are dying to find something ugly about her.

Sorry. Her bleached skin is poppin’.

Yes you won’t recommend bleaching, neither would I. But Toke is an adult. She looked at her body and decided to tweak it. She must have been aware of the chance of death, yet she wanted it badly enough to dare death.

That’s what adulthood is all about – making choices.

She looks good, she runs her businesses and she always comes through as a socialite.

The problem is: you expect her to meet your own values. Your idea of what a woman should be and what she should be satisfied with. That’s just ridiculous.

What makes you think your values should mean anything to her?

Why does she need to be plain Jane when she could be glossy and porcelain and fabulous?

I mean… look at her!

We need women who pay attention to the things others consider frivolous. Not every woman wants to use Vaseline, leave her brows bushy, and lips chapped.

We need women like Toke.

Because this idea that women should be a certain way is an idea entrenched in patriarchy.

Sorry. I don’t think you look any better. You could lose some weight, you could take care of your harmattan elbows, you could invest in better bras, you could take better care of your nails…

But nobody is out here judging you.

You see?

Toke has taken care of all of that for herself.

She may not have what you have, but you most certainly do not have what she has.

The judgments you have of her is Patriarchy, like the devil, whispering in your ears.

Don’t hate, appreciate.

We learn that every day.

I am no exception.