# Rant1903


December 5, 2019

I mean...

The Boyfriend would take me to a lounge, and the bouncers would fawn over him like he is some kind of idol.

Some will almost yank my hand out of his so they can take my place. But they can't and it angers them.

One time, two men were by his side, and I had been relegated to the back 😂😂 

He was making a call and it happened really fast. I still don't know how they did it.

One minute, I was by his side; the next minute, a muscular dude comes between me and my man, takes my position, lowers his voice and starts rapping into his ears. 

The Boyfriend ended the call and demanded to know how they took my place beside him.

"Babe, did they push you?" He asked.

"Did. You. Push. Her?" He turned to them.

And with slavish devotion they denied. 

If niggaaz could, they would fvck the niggaz they adore. They would. But society is waiting to slap their ogo...

And all their homophobic bile is right at the tip of their tongue waiting to judge them.

Hypocritical lot.

Niggaaz are more desperate (than women) with other men they assume to be wealthy.

They smell these ones from a distance...

From airports, to restaurants to supermarkets.

Even toilets!

The Boyfriend will enter a toilet and someone is either trying to hit on him or ask him for an opportunity to roll in his network/circle.

You don't know the niggaa. You see his car, his appearance, his skin... you smell his cologne, and you immediately give yourself to exaggerated affection - in a toilet!

You would fvck him right there in the toilet if you could.

But you can't. 

And because you can't, you hide your shenanigans under "networking".

I hear you.
.
.

We were having breakfast at a hotel one morning, still in our morning casual wear o! One niggaa was staring the fvck out of The Boyfriend from a distance. 

Anytime The Boyfriend laughed, he turns and stares for long seconds. And he had a woman too by his side.

They would say maybe he recognizes my man.

No! He wants my man.

I'm sticking to that. He wants him the way we assume a woman, sitting at a distance with another man, would want him by her stares.

You can't keep hiding under business network. They always make it seem men are so bright, they have tons of business ideas to throw around.

Why don't we believe women when they talk about meeting certain men for networking only?

These men are just upset that what will take them a century to get, all some woman need to do is take off their blouse.

You hate it.

And your hate is not valid.

Go and die, plis dear.
.

Niggaz want to be alone with these type of men. They want the attention. They want the affection. They want to breathe air around their space...

But that would be weird as fuck. 

At the gym nko?

Restaurants and waiters nko? Who totally ignore you (the woman) and pour all the affectations on the man.

This one I remember was so lost in his lust, he kept bringing the wrong order, yet smiling and keeping eye contact with The Boyfriend... as if he wanted to torture my man for not looking into his eyes long enough to wish he would give anything to throw me in a dustbin and be the one by his side.
.

I'm serious!

Ask any woman dating a type of man, ask!

Everyone - and I mean, everyone - wants a piece of him.

And in that list of fawning creatures, women are the least threatening.

Ask oo!

We have plenty stories of men who will not let our men drink water in peace. 

Niggaz, you will comot trouser if you are sure it will not end up on Instablog.

Toh!