# Rant1438


January 13, 2019

You were not the country who founded Christianity.

God did not speak to your race.

Your religion was different. Remember?

C.h.ri.st.ia.nit.y was adopted from the backs of s.l.a.v.e.r.y - black men and women deprived of basic rights. 

Christianity was the distraction, the entertainment from making the other race pure evil.

Its intention at the time was questionable. 

Its penetration in our lives at our time, still questionable. 

Yet you have refused to reason away from religion. 

A book clearly states demeaning gender roles the author baked from his/her subconscious, yet some sick followers have the nerve to instruct on this post that it is how God intended it to be...

"May we have Christian homes," some morons cry. 

In essence, insinuating the condemnation of this page an effrontery on their cherished religion.

Wretched Nigerians, your schools are teaching your daughters how to "serve men and make them happy"...

And in some ways, you want to justify this by scurrying around for the before-and-after pages to convince yourself you are not yet far gone into degeneracy.

Be ashamed and get the f*ck out of my space!

I am not here to get people on my side on any topic I raise.

When I write/speak, I stand alone.

My words are more than the strength of a thousand people.

So when I say this page off a children's textbook is crap...

I say it with my chest, with the roots of my intelligence, with my convictions.

I am not waiting for you to sing along. My voice alone is a bloody orchestra!

In your multitude, your reasoning cannot come near.

Be ashamed. If at all you have in anyway tried to justify this page, be ashamed!

You are incapable of shame, so let me tell you... you are a disgrace!

F*ck you. And f*ck the outdated Nigerian education system!