# Rant1459



January 20, 2019

Another interesting inbox message:

"How did your father divide his wealth amongst the women he had?"

Ok. Now listen...

My father did not legally marry any woman.

He did not have any wedding with any woman his entire life.

Not one.

If the women were confused about the kind of life they wanted, my father wasn't confused about his own life.

He was a man ahead of his time.

He was not violent. He didn't hit any woman. 

He stayed with one woman, until it was time to move on. And he always tried to have cordial relationship with them afterwards.

So no! No Jeff Bezos loss in this story. 

He knew monogamy was a construct. He knew legal marriage documents would complicate people's lives... and even if you want to leave, you have to stay because of all you may lose.

He didn't want any of that.

He didn't stop his women from running their own dreams. He supported as much as he could. He shared his ideas too, and he was greatly inspired by beauty, love, lust, commitment...

BUT he knew not to promise what he couldn't give - a marriage, social/cultural endorsement of love.

However, the great wisdom he had as regards to women... he failed to nurture it for parasitic family members. 

He didn't make silly promises to women, so they couldn't turn around and claim he owed them anything.

They came, they shared, they loved, they enjoyed building together, growing together etc.

But he felt a document joining him and anyone else was, perhaps, an insincere method of proving loyalty or love.

But family... he didn't quickly protect himself from those ones.

Regardless, my father lived well. He lived the life he wanted. 

Not many people can say that.
.

Ok! No more free lessons from my father's life. 

I gotta save the rest for my book 😊