# Rant1874



November 2, 2019

Clout Chasing #06

This is one clout-chasing performance that really cracks me up.

I’ll go straight to an example:

Imagine if someone calls Prisca a goat on another platform, say Twitter.

Someone tweets: “Prisca is a goat.”

There are a few sane things a friend would do:

1. Ignore the post completely, because fools should not be acknowledged.

2. Respond appropriately under the post – best with sarcasm or sweet savagery.

3. Munch the post and send privately to the friend.

Number three is my least favourite option. I am of the school of thought that a lot of things written online, especially in context of why it is written, do not require any form of elaborate response. 

People are hungry, and they need entertainment to pacify their hunger. Do not become food for them to eat.
Their lack of comprehension substantiates this hunger. So I’d rather just move on, unless of course it is a threat.

.

However, this is what a clout-chaser who poses as a friend would do when they see: “Prisca is a goat” on any platform…

They’ll munch the post, bring it to their wall and post it with a slimy, silly, pretentious eulogy on why Prisca is NOT a goat.

We all know Prisca is not a goat. We know the original writer is probably bitter, hungry or just plain daft (I go with daft 90% of the time).

But we also know that YOU who copy and paste this kind of insult aren't a good person.

You are a clout-chaser. And it is hilarious to me that you would think that we do not know that you are fucking chasing clout.

I will not hold a grudge against anyone who drops a kind comment under a post like that, their intentions are good...

BUT the original grab-and-post individual is clearly pathetic and silly.

There is no form of goodwill that comes out of that kind of move. No goodwill whatsoever. Your mission is to amplify the message, and that makes you plain evil or probably just a bored snack.
.

This also goes for friends who seek sympathy for other friends.

When you write shit like… “Bola cries every night and stabs herself all the time because you troll her, please stop trolling her.”

If I have friends like that, I will dump you faster than you’ll imagine.

Psychology is my most beloved pastime. I know people’s intentions. I know.

And nobody can fool me.

If you are on my page, I need you to understand this – I see right through you.

And also, I know when you are clearly just ignorant.

Ignorance, too, is annoying.

So don’t be ignorant.

Be an authentic version of yourself. Do not pretend to care when all you really want to do is mock.

You don’t fool anyone.

And that is why we gave up our garb of shame many years back.

You cannot shame us, you cannot mock us, you cannot use us or hurt us.

We are in control of our narratives.

You have no power over us. You cannot twist our narratives.

We are strong people on this page. We share truths and we don’t pretend to be friends.

We ARE friends.

If you are some kind of slimy clout-chasing worm, I may not yet have un-friended you, but just know that I don’t rate you at all.

I don't rate you.

Do not use my position on any trending matter to ever chase clout again.

Now, go and be gainfully employed.