# Rant1750


August 14, 2019

Life and misconceptions.

When I got a call from Uche Jombo two weekends ago, it was unexpected. It was the first call I got that Saturday by 6:45am. I was really excited.
.

Mary Njoku said we were either going to fly to Lagos for a script meeting with Uche... OR Uche would come to us.

I was down for whatever. 

Uche eventually came to us.
.
.

When she walked into the restaurant, she smiled and said...

"Ahn! Joy! This is you?! You be babe oo! Ah! See babe oo!"

We all laughed.

She continued... "Ehen! So why did you move to Accra?"

Conversation was easy with us.
.
.

But this is not what the post is about...

Mary had to leave us for one hour for another meeting, and told us to feast on the menu as we liked.

Uche wears medicated glasses. I believe it's for myopia, I suffer that too.

Her pair of glasses is tinted. You'd think the pair is a mere fashion accessory. Not so.

So she takes them off to read the menu.

Two ladies walk in and immediately recognise her.

From a short distance they say hello. 

Uche drops the menu, looks up, squints and then picks her tinted glasses and puts it on so she can SEE the ladies properly.

She wears her glasses to say a proper hello to them. 

BUT it is easy to misconstrue that as wearing shades to create an unapproachable image... a detachment of sort, which would be far from the truth. 

There was a bit of hesitation from one of the ladies when Uche wore her glasses, but it lasted for only a second. 
.
.

What is happening and what you think is happening are miles apart.

You don't know people's love lives, career wins, life angles and experiences like you think you do.

You don't know why they approach life the way they do.

As long as they are not toxic or bent on revenge, give people the benefit of doubt. 

Life is really about the small details you are privileged to know.

That privilege is meant to give you empathy. 

I think.