# Rant1770


August 23, 2019

Roberta packed all my things to the new office in Akoka yesterday. 

I have left Lekki and their madness.
.

Roberta wants us to continue producing the products, but N500k profit monthly is not my beans at all. 
I still have to pay salaries and SERVICE CHARGE from the profit. She tried to console me with delivery fees bringing in an extra N100k. But I’m not interested.

I sit on my bed and make twice that amount in one month on a side business. No office, no staff, nothing.

Just me, my creativity, my Amarula, and melancholy love songs – my beast mode is activated.

Like The Boyfriend would say, “Joy, you are an entrepreneur. You always have been. You don’t need to buy-and-sell to become one.”

My boss in Accra was interested in pumping in money to continue my small business, taking advantage of both countries' market…

But truth is, I am not interested in what it would take to make it earn higher than what it already did.

I am an ARTIST.

I have always known this. In 2018, I thought I could try something different. I did the experiment. I didn’t enjoy it. Money didn’t help me feel better about it.

I go back to my first love, always. Art.

Everything I did as an entrepreneur in the last 18 months, I get in one month as a Creative Strategist. 

And I am constantly in a happy place when I do Art.

I’m sorry, but nobody can tell me nothing. The figures are there.

I know many people would rather work, but you have shitty work structures in Nigeria. I am sorry about that. And that is why I left.

I left because Nigeria could never understand a woman like me.

Ghana may not understand me either – but guess what? They pay me without expecting me to bow. And I have electricity. 
I am in a better place – way better.

The hard truth is, that N30k profit you made as an entrepreneur that tickled you in 2017, may not have improved in 2019.

Why? Because Nigeria is not improving. The amenities to make your life easier and more productive are decaying daily. 

If roads are worse than they were in 2017, and stiffer laws are built around transport system, and NAFDAC is a playground for corruption, then your profit isn’t going to get bigger.

If Nigerians have moved from 15th place to 3rd place of the poorest people in the world, then you can’t make more profit.

It’s common sense.

So I’m sorry if I cannot celebrate the fact that you sold 20 bottles of strawberry juice today and you are giving thanks to the god of entrepreneurship…

Harder times are not far away, as long as you operate under the indices stated above.

When a first-world business owner screams of “challenges in business”, it is soooo different from an entrepreneur in a third-world unapologetically ruined nation like Nigeria with pretentious cliffhangers doing the same.

Your story is nothing close to theirs. You do not have basic facilities.

Do you understand?

You. Do. Not. Have. Basic. Facilities.

Under-development cannot make many people rich.

The entire idea of taking advantage of the system, the population and its peculiar craving can only work for a handful.

Do you get it?

Entrepreneurship for an alarming number of people is a cycle that leads nowhere. For the energy and hustle required to make a N10k profit, it's the energy required to build a skyscraper.

Your suffering and challenges may seem like the fire to fine tune your dreams. It is not.

It is fire that will burn you. Period.

Your suffering is not a story of resilience.

It is suffering. Plain and simple.

You suffer because your country is mad.

The suffering of the rabbit from the canines of the lion holds no lesson.

Your little profit is depised by the country itself... by the values that informs behaviour.
.

When I look at the entire store that I have in Nigeria, and the N500k profit what I have left in that store will give me…

I shake my head and embrace my Art tighter.