# Rant1858



October 23, 2019

My kids don’t come around social media spaces. They don’t have Facebook, Twitter or Instagram accounts.

I will not have my children scroll down a bunch of pictures on IG, thinking less of themselves because some woman has one million clothes and locations and accessories to show off.

They have never had a WhatsApp conversation. Never downloaded the app.

They discovered TikTok during the last holiday, and I let them be. Good thing is, they go back to school with no phones. So when they come for breaks, they have to start whatever social life they have all over again, which is hectic for kids who grew up reading 10 novels every week.

Their default mode is books. Hardcopy novels. I have probably bought 1,000 books since the elder clocked five.

The most active app on their phone is some online book site that allows them to read novels for free. They discovered the site last holiday. 
.

My kids are teenagers, and at this impressionable age, I guard their influences.

I don’t care if their cousins or friends have phones. 

If parents like, they can buy the latest iPhone for their kids. I am not easily moved by other people's parenting style.

Because no matter how badly I do, my kids will still land on a star. I know how to treat my children.

I am a very confident parent. You cannot influence me. Peer pressure dies when I step in.

I am raising my daughters manually.
.

When they come for holidays, I share Facebook posts, YouTube videos or viral messages I want us to learn from or be entertained by.

I have chosen to bring my kids up this way.

When they are done with secondary school and we proceed to the next phase of their lives, then they will introduce themselves to some of these platforms as tools mainly for work and amusement. 

I know what I am doing.

I have receipts for being a brilliant parent.

And when I become that momager, they will have real substance to show.

The first thing they must never chase is clout. It damages everything.

And clout is what drives social media.

First get them to be super confident, before you permit the world to advertise its distractions to them.
.

PS: Please remember, as you share this post... they are not your kids, they are mine. Your opinions can't hold a torch near me.

I have parenting receipts. 

Tenks ✌