# Rant1803


September 13, 2019

1.

If you attribute hard work, smart work, innovation, tenacity and zeal to a people or a tribe...

This is what their state(s) should look like (see pix) 👇

This is South Korea and Sweden.

Anything else is just Hustle. 

So you can say these people are hustlers. That's what they are.

Hustle puts food on the table, pays school fees, keeps you out of debt...

Hustle will get you a Range Rover, take you to Paris, and keep you in business.

These are beautiful accomplishments...

However, it is hilarious to attribute these qualities to one tribe.

Every single tribe has enough representation of these attributes. 

So, when you pick out one tribe and acknowledge them for these qualities... and they continue to claim these qualities for themselves for decades...

I will insist that a tribe so defined should have more to show.

Because if we are still talking about daily bread... if we are talking about opening MTN mini shops in Namibia... opening a club in Johannesburg... running restaurants in Asia... selling cars in Dallas...

Then that's work. It's not exceptional. 

It's personal growth and success... and that is what everyone else is doing. 
.
.

2.

Attitude plays an important role here.

A people who are drawn to rivalry than collaboration will suffer lack even in the midst of passionate hard work. 

The intentions are usually selfish or personal. 

To be seen in a certain way. To get a certain title. To build a gigantic house in a village without basic amenities.

There's the part of the government, of course...

But there's also the part of zero desire or communication for win-win collaboration. 

And frankly, to continue to parade one tribe as most industrous, will also set expectations for them to meet.

These expectations should be reviewed and improved.

You cannot be innovative and not have your region as the centre of awe - at least a mimicry of first-world charm and amusement. 

It would mean that you are not growing. 

You are just hustling - hustling for a better life.

Bravo.

But that is not peculiar to a tribe. 
.

3.

If we must improve the conversation, then we must improve the quality of work attributed to this tribe. 

Take for instance: Leather. 

The best leather, as I hear, is available in Nigeria. Even Versace and other top brands in the world buy from here. 

Right?

So why do we still suffer poor quality production of bags - poorly made, poorly packaged, poorly branded?

Why has our own production of bags not improved?

The quality is still the same quality we show contempt for when we were children. 

Aba bags and shoes are still Aba bags and shoes. 

But right before our eyes Tecno phones have improved. They improve every year. They used to be the butt of jokes in the early 2000s.

See how far they've come. 

That is innovation. That is hard work. 

But if you are trying to work so you can drive the best car and buy a mansion...

My people, you are doing exactly what everybody else is doing... you are just a little extra about it.

So kudos for being extra, I guess.
.

4.

They usually say that if 10 people have the zeal of innovation, they can change a nation. 

We have an entire tribe daily defined with the most endearing terms of hard work and innovation...  YET!!!

Half the time, the drama and prohibition of "marrying from across the river" is all you need to hear to know that this conversation and expectations will never improve.
.

Yours truly, 

Half-Igbo half-Edo