# Rant1870



October 30, 2019

The last time I trended was #HallelujahChallenge

It was brutal as fvck.

All the while I kept thinking, "Wow! What a mob of dumb fvcks".

You have to feel sorry for the mob. These negroes don't read. They can't comprehend.

They don't have the range. At all.
 .

See ehn, it doesn't matter who you stan. Your stan stans me.

I do not need the crutches of money or fame to define me...

All I need to do is write, and the world will pause to listen.

I am that bitch.

Even my dad told me... "Isi, just write."
.

They baked me a hate cake for gods' sake! 😂

C'mon! My words will rile you up, you will go to a store and spend YOUR money to buy cake for me, just to express how much you hate me.

I. Am. That. Bitch.

I am always in control of the narrative. You will need at least two million people to try shake me down.

And I'm just getting started oo!

I have two teenage daughters who are just as smart as I am...

They have read more books than I have, reviewed more social trends than I have. They chew knowledge for breakfast.

Y'all not ready. They are coming. I trained them.

Be very afraid.

We will disrupt everything, and we will sit back and watch you cower at the feet of the kind of knowledge you will never have.

You are not ready for a triple dose of Joy. 

Just wait a little.
.
.

On that note...

It's an insult to suggest I want to manage Tacha. 

Da fuq!

It's way beneath my range and my fees. 

Put some respeck on my fvcking intellect. 

I am a critic. There are no hidden intentions when I critique.

It's laughable to think I want a job like that.

If I ever want to work with any personality, the barest minimum aspiration would be on a Trevor Noah status - building a man to become a respectable brand. When he speaks the world listens, when he builds the earth obeys.

A profound business brand. That or nothing.
.

OK! I've got scripts to write. Ttyl 😘