# Rant1423


January 8, 2019

I like the first phase of romance.

Men come to the table with their vulnerabilities. 

I can tell you for free: there's nothing quite as stunning as a powerful man wearing his vulnerabilities on his sleeve for your sake. For the sake of loving you. For the sake of being comfortable with you.

Not even sex comes close.

However, the sad part is: Vulnerability in Nigerian men is always fleeting. 

As a woman who observes, I usually see when vulnerability starts to leave. And that is my cue to leave also.

Because I refuse to deal with a Nigerian man when he presents himself as a stereotype.

It's one of the worst things a woman with some form of new knowlegde should have to deal with. 

When genuine vulnerability leaves, conversation becomes a struggle to NOT rock a boat.

And it all becomes boring, trite and useless to an artist.

I feel suffocated with all that..."this is how it should be."

No. There's no HOW anything should be. We create what we want. We are all artists in this world.

You have a new canvas every morning to paint a picture. 

Do something different. 

Allow for emotional risks. 

Heck! What are you alive for if not for the chance to go against everything you know?

And that is why residents of first-world are so admirable.

You walk into a store and find someone you think is cute, reading a book you read last month. You get into a conversation and the next thing, you are going to Spain next week!

That is Life!

In Nigeria, you'll have to think about everyone and everything before you even talk to the person reading-the-book-you-read-last-month.

Yet we think we are alive

We are dead people in Gucci.

That's what we are.