# Rant1816



September 24, 2019

There's nothing as bitter as a man who cannot have you. 

By jove! 

Have you seen a bitter man?

The man who wishes you could wake up by his side, but fully aware it can only happen in his dreams, is the most bitter creature.

Forget a woman scorned... a man who cannot have you is the most dangerous thing in the world. 
 .

Society tells him he is a man, a king, therefore the world belongs to him...

So why can't he have you?

He hates you and hates the men who can get you to smile.

He hates you so much because he wants you so much. 

But you have refused to acknowledge his existence. 
.

His hate starts to brew from his toes, all the way to his penis, then to his lips... then finally to his brain. 

You see, that hate gets to his mouth before his brain... this is why every hate he spews makes no sense.

It is how dunces are made.
.
.

He's going to go cry to his father - The Patriarchy. 

"Father, you told me as a man I could have everything. Why can't I have her?!"

He throws a tantrum. 

Patriarchy pats his head lovingly, like a dog.

"Of course I promised you everything. Indeed, you have everything. You have the power to reduce that woman to nothing. Use your power, son."

This son - a wretched bastard, cleans his runny nose, and looks at his father...

"How do I use this power?"

Patriarchy leans closer to his son and whispers...

"Slut-shame her."

The man's eyes light up!

"Ah yes!!!"
.
.

Everybody - 1... 2... 3... go!

"ASHAWOOOO!!!"

And with one word from the lips of a moron, one million women shrivel.

Tsk. Tsk.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

Women, when we tell you to rise above shame...

We know what we are saying.