# Rant1911


December  9, 2019

Ghanaians ooo!

Why are you crying in my inbox?
.

I like this country. I talk about all the merits of this country all the time!

All. The. Fucking. Time.
.

When I came here with The Boyfriend last year for vacation, I wrote glowing reviews of Accra.

It was the same Ghanaians that mocked the reviews and said I should visit the slums before opening my mouth. They said my reviews were bogus.

Hian!

I responded immediately with a rant saying I don’t visit slums – not in Nigeria, not in America, and it will not happen in Ghana.

I don’t run an NGO. I don’t own a charity organisation.

I will not be pretentious about my life. The only things I am interested in the cities I visit are – art, a study of social habits, and the life of the middle-class; plus the best restaurants, bookshops, and the best internet service provider + 5-star hotels.

That’s all.

Sorry, I am vain and shallow like that.

But I had nice things to say about Accra when I visited last year, STILL they attacked me.

I blocked a chunk of them.

Whew!
.

Fast forward to 2019...

I still have nice things to say, and I say them ALL THE TIME!

But since our energies don’t exactly align, I released all of you from my spirit and blocked all of you for my self-preservation. I blocked you so you can stop obsessing over me and my rants.

But did you?

NO!

You are still in my inbox with new accounts, shedding tears, complaining that my friends and I are bashing you and your country.

Why, pray tell, are you doing this to yourself?

What is this level of self flagellation, ni tori oloun?
.

Ghanaians live in America… they have strong and unfavourable opinions about America, don’t they?

Do you see Americans in their inbox crying?
.

Namibians live in Italy, and they bash the city they live in.

Nigerians live in London and they tear the city apart with their bad mouths.

Cameroonians live in South Africa and have things to say about the system they are unhappy about.

Why then are you so obsessed with MY opinions about a TRENDING topic because I live here!

What is this obsession really about?

Do you want my 36D bra? Come and have it.

-Because I am confused at this point.

I have had good experiences here, and not-so-good ones too! Like everyone living in any country in the world!

I have a right to document my life and share MY opinions.

If that makes you uncomfortable, then UNFOLLOW. And don't open another account to monitor my rants.

Don't you have a life?

Stop reading me!

If anyone else is reading me, then read with the responsibility of being accountable for your own emotions.

You cannot silence me because I am living here.

What the fvck is wrong with you?

On top Cardi B trending matter?! Shuooo!

Don’t I bash Nigeria every fucking time? When was the last time I had anything good to say about Nigeria?

Don’t we all bash America with glee?!

India nko? South Africa nko?

So what is this wretchedness of self that makes you think you can censor me?

Is everything OK at home?
.

You talk glowingly about them, they get mad.

You criticise their PR approach regarding ONE event, they get mad.

Hian!!!

Drink water abeg!

It is not that deep.

At least you have potable water… these Nigerians commenting on my wall don’t. Let us be raving mad people if we want. Our country is fucked. Leave us! Let us rant. 

Go and be grateful for 24-hour electricity. Leave me to rant. Our government will soon ban social media anyway, so you will not see me here when that happens.

Yet I suspect you will still not find peace. 

Why are you so mad with people who don’t even have electricity?

How can you be jealous of the kid with no shoes?

Does that even make sense to you?

Check your privilege.

Don’t send me messages anymore.

Peace.
.
.

PS: Just so you know I love your country, I am going to warn my friends not to write any savage comments under this post.

Ehen! Friends, do not write anyhow comment under this post oo!

Consider the meek and righteous.

Bless you as you comply.
.
.

PSS: Just to make you happy, here's a picture of my first trip to Accra in 2018.

See fine airport!

Do we have fine airport in Nigeria?

No!

So relax, you hear? Your country is the king of West Africa. 

Are we good now?

Whew!

*I feel like I just massage a man's fragile ego, which I NEVER do*

Double whew!