# Rant1746


August 10, 2019

I chose not to follow Big Brother Naija this year.

Unlike last year when my commentaries ran like water. 

It isn't much of a struggle, really.

I mean... there isn't an inner wrestle to stay away and not acquaint myself to it. Or anything remotely heroic.

I made little, deliberate attempts not to follow the online banter, and not to write about it, that's all.

I don't know names of housemates or bother about unravelling their stories. 

And it may seem convenient since I do not live in Nigeria. There's no appetite for it.

All very inconsequential to the humongous capitalist machine driving this trade.

My slight offense to the institution for ignoring Olutimehin Adegbeye's claims will do absolutely nothing to their business.
(Recap: she said the man behind the voice on #BBNaija sexually assaulted her years ago).

I am inconsequential to their money. 

But I have something like a conscience. And everytime I think about how Olutimehin must feel... I replace her face with all the faces of women I have come to know and love. 

I replace her face with Bola, Prisca, Idem, Teetee, Emilia...

Sometimes it is my face. 

Her story is our story, even if we weren't molested. 
.
.

It is why I stopped reading the news.

A ten-year old girl is raped, pregnant and gives birth...

The only faces I see are my children's... or nieces'. 

My visceral reaction to life makes it impossible to have intellectual discussions on pain or tragedy as it affects the vulnerable in society. 
.
.

Someone once shared a scene from House of Cards with me...

A scene where a man wrapped himself with angst, tortured by something political he didn't agree with.

He was a nobody.

And Frank Underwood made it very clear to him that he was nobody. 

The man was nothing. His voice meant nothing. Nobody would listen....et al.

In other words, I am nothing. 

But the cosmic doesn't know this, you see.

The cosmic works around our integrity and conscience. 

It respects the polish of our Dignity. 

I will always try to be on the side of good conscience. Not for clout (God, I hate clout!).

I will stand alone on a matter if I have to - like a voice in the desert. 

I don't matter. Yet I stand. 

-Because it is not my job to look left or right to see who is standing with me...

My job is to stand. 

And so I stand on this matter. Alone. As a nobody. 

This simple matter of showing solidarity to one woman whose only request is that we hear her story, and not continue to empower The Partriarchy.

That we stand against The Patriarchy as the most powerful political/economic enterprise in the world. 

It is the least I can do.

That's it.