# Rant1736


August 4, 2019

The Ghanaian Employer (TGE): So, what will you like to earn?

You: Can I have a pen, please? (You write the sum down)

He looks at it, frowns slightly.

TGE: Is that cedis or dollars?

You: Cedis.

He looks at you. Squints a little.

TGE: Go home. Think about this, then come back and negotiate harder - in dollars. You're top management. I don't need you to be resentful of your pay cheque after a month. Let's get the money issue right from day one, so we can focus on other important things, like great art, strategy and content. Agreed?

You: Wow. Thank you.
.
.
.

The Nigerian Employer (TNE): So, what will you like to earn?

You: N600k

TNE: Ah! That's too much. We only have N100k. I know it's top level position, but the company has no money. We can pay N150k. Let's see how well you do then we renegotiate in another quarter. 

You: OK (ps: wrong move!)

TNE nods as he caresses his $1b accessory on the table - it could be as flippant as a pen. 

You look at the pen and then at him, he squints.

You know what is going through his head...

TNE's head: If you are so upset that my pen costs more than your salary, you should try being an entrepreneur and see if you'll survive. We are the 1% of the 1%, bitches! We are the shit! We are the ghen-ghen! We are the best! We are the Gucci and the Ferragamo. We are the cologne and the mouthwash!
Bow down, you losers looking for a job! Bow down!

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Three months later, you ask TNE for a re-negotiation of your salary, as agreed. 

TNE: You are so desperate! So selfish!! Is this the right time to ask? Can't you wait till after the sun is blue?

TNE shakes his head in sheer disappointment of your greed as he caresses a new accessory on his table worth $2b.
.

Bloody employee like you! Put your head down and stay grateful, you will not hear. Now your boss thinks you have aspirations.

God air pus!