# Rant1451

January 16, 2019

In life, you'll realise that the person who sings about ending corruption, is a deeply wounded misogynist.

You'll discover that your very smart colleague, who gets 5-star rating in the company, has very little regard for equality, and thinks you - as a woman - should never stay longer than 5pm at the office. It shows a troubling aggression on your part, as a woman, to aspire beyond a particular working hour.

You'll discover that your ultra-modern boyfriend is a slut-shaming dunderhead.

Life will teach you alot of things about humans.

And you will finally tell yourself that...

Until you know exactly where people GENUINELY stand on issues like equality, human rights, misogyny, body autonomy...

And their deeper understanding of Feminism, matrimony and Dignity...

You do not have any business associating with them beyond face value or primary duty.

People are made for contradiction. 

You will be greatly and constantly disappointed if you make holistic conclusions on people's random acts, talents or achievements. 
.

I never forget Mona Eltahawy's "Headscarves and Hymens"...

Where she talked about men and women fighting for the end of autocratic leadership in the Middle East, but when the people finally achieved what they wanted, the men turned around to rape the women as part of their reward, as part of their theme for celebration.

Women who fought with them were part of the spoils of war.

Those men were freedom fighters and fought for justice...

But in their spare time and in their hour of glory, they were r.a.p.i.s.t.s.

Think about that.

That man you like might be great at his job...

But don't date him because you like how good a strategist he is as an executive in the office.

Be very sure he is not a closet misogynist whose first impulse is to gang-up or shame you for the very thing he was fully involved in.

This goes for women too.

She can cook you a mean meal, yes?

But does she understand that this isn't 1900 and you owe her nothing except a beautiful relationship, a trip to the Bahamas perhaps, kindness, gifts... and not marriage?

Have you confirmed from her that she will not tag you a monster just because you don't eventually put a ring on it?

Because as far as the average Nigerian woman goes...

Jollof rice + a ring = you love me.

Trip to Europe + lavish gifts + good sex + kindness + tenderness + NO ring + NO marriage = f*ckboy.

Date smarter.