# Rant1542


March 12, 2019

8 years ago, I approached Mildred Okwo and told her I wanted to write Genevieve Nnaji's memoir/evolving biography. 

But Mildred had stopped managing Genevieve at the time and was now managing Rita Dominic.

So she made it possible for me to propose a memoir to Rita Dominic.

The idea was to follow Rita everywhere for three months, evaluate her life, ask questions and observe.

Only then can I write an authentic work for her blossoming brand.

"Shouldn't I have this when I'm older?" She asked.

"You should have memoirs for different phases in your life. You can have 5 memoirs before retirement. Each book sharing a different theme."

She liked the idea. I was going to focus on her journey in Nollywood and experiences growing up. It was going to be fun.

My first trip with her was to Delta state - business class.

We were there for a movie shoot. It was the first time John Dumelo was shooting a Nigerian movie, I think. I remember we were all waiting for the "Ghanaian" to come. 

I was there as Rita Dominic's biographer. So I edited her dialogue in the movie script because she hated how pedestrian the dialogue was.

I spent a week with her in Delta state. We stayed in a really nice hotel. My room was beside hers.
It was a great experience. 

Being behind the scene is just.... ah! I enjoyed it!!!

She paid me my full fee upfront for this book project. 
.

But I didn't finish that project. I couldn't travel after just a week.

I was trying to get out of a marriage I had greatly grown to despise for how ordinary it was.

So I let the project go because I was distracted by ordinary living.

I stayed ordinary for too damn long.

Now? You can't tell me nothing! I'm king. Period.
.
.

Then I wrote a chic book on lessons for young girls for Omoni, and she bought it even though she had only boys.
.

Then I wrote a book manuscript for Stephanie Linus and she paid full fee before I was done.

She had to pause on it because she got married and wanted her first book to reflect on her status.
.

My point is...

There are so many writers on social media doing absolutely nothing except clap-backs and clickbaits.

Every single celebrity I mentioned here paid me full sum before I pressed the first key to write their manuscript.

These people are looking for unconventional writers and ideas to push their brands in some ways that Instagram or Nollywood or whatever cannot.

You can be that creative genius in their lives.

But what are you doing?

You are getting catfished. 

Sorry.

Get your ass up and do great things. 
.
.

Right now, if I have to write anyone's memoir... it has to be on the level of a Trevor Noah or Chiwetel Ejiofor.

No time.

Thank you.