# Rant1424


January 8, 2019

I can never forget this...

I was trying to build a close team for my art on stage, so I don't have to keep holding auditions everytime I need to stage my art.

I took these people out for dinner just so they know how serious I was to build this art team that will reward all of us.

Everyone knows my evenings are only for men I am seeing... or for ice cream... or for any random personal activity that gives me pleasure.

NOT for hanging out with women. 

Azziin, I got dressed just to treat them to dinner at a fine restaurant.
.

But before I could blink, they started forming clique. 

Smh!

It is cliquing that will d.e.s.t.r.o.y Nigerian women, sincerely.

This hunger to get approval that pushes you to shut yourself inside a close-knit charade is what will eventually d.e.s.t.r.o.y you.

That was the end of my team building oh.

I caught a whiff of it...

Just one look from one to the other in the midst of others... a nonchallant stare... a saucy remark...

And I knew these ones have chosen cliquing over greatness.

It still pisses me off everytime I remember.

I had such great expectations of what the team would achieve this year.

Aaargh! Cliquing gets on my nerves.

I will destroy everything instead of enduring with the knowledge of a clique in my environment. 

Go and clique some place else.

I am looking for people who can STAND alone.
.

If you are in an office, be polite, be friendly... but STAND alone!

If you are part of a team, STAND. Do not build inner cliques inside a team that has already been built.

What is wrong with you people???

See ehn, the fastest way to be stagnant is to crawl into an inner-circle with w.o.m.e.n. You never truly rise, because there's the silent empathy of not wanting to overtake the people you care about in your clique with personal stories of success.

Either that or there's unhealthy competition and lies. 

Cliquing is just one step towards envy that consumes the soul.

It's so unnecessary.

You can do so much better with your time, ALONE... Or on real platforms that provide boundaries and deal with all the BS of people's personal biases.

STAND.

Do you really need to be cliquing away your life?

Mind your business and STAND. 

STAND, damn it.

Ugh!