# Rant1678


June 28, 2019

I'm going to let these Ghanaian women (and whatever leftover men hanging around their blouses) have a moment to feed on my rants directed at their performance, then I am blocking every single one of them - even the ones who are not Facebook friends. 

I will sneak into your comment sections and block your entire Facebook community.

You must understand that I don't give a fvck about your appetite to lick phlegm off a wall. 

I am waiting for that vile creature to respond so I can give her one last blow and go about my life. 
.

In Lagos, we kill dragons every day. I am not going to come to Ghana and be wrestling with chickens.

In Lagos, we raise the dead every day. We are wildlings.

At some point you get tired of being your own Republic. I did. 

I am not going to come from a country where I defeated every kind of demon to start throwing hands around in a silly girly fight. 

I am blocking every single one of you - whether or not you offended me... whether or not you are feminists or part of the desire to pepper the rest of your country people with feminism. I am blocking y'all.
.

I will ask that you give yourself to introspection, dear feminists. 

You are by far one of the most disgraceful of Africa's lot.

You disempower more women than patriarchy. You do it with more venom. You leave more wounded.

Patriarchy disempowers so as to control women's self worth... so they can be dependent on men. Some women survive quite well under patriarchy. 

But the African version of feminism disempowers women by projecting a few pretentious successful stories of women who are diabolical and greatly unkind as the godhead to aspire to.

These women mock the women whom they should empower. They shame other women who cannot aspire to their strength...

And when they find one who excels away from their clique... who doesn't demand their permission to fly...

They will finally puke their deep seated hate boiling inside of them towards that one.

Because no matter the NGOs they commission, no matter the female empowering platforms they launch... they want to ensure they can control the number of women who can sit at the table.

They are all over Nigeria... and I see that they are all over here too.

They are constantly on a mission to project the parts of them they believe other women cannot easily achieve.

But then you meet my kind, and we achieve this shit in less than a month - one week actually. I got my job and my life in Ghana in just one week.

And this makes you mad.

Because your feminism wants me to aspire to your level of comfort, at least for a while - say three years, perhaps?

I am that bad bitch who did it in one week.

And if you stand in my way... if you try to take this away from me (like you took that script job)...

You will die.

Your death will not be physical. You'll be alive and every day you will wish for a sign... and it will never come. 

Do not test me.

I am not your little feminist project. 

I despise you and all you truly represent.

Selah.