# Rant1714


July 18,2019

Let's address this once and for all...

When Teetee was selling bags and shipping to Nigeria, I bought over 20 bags.

I was buying bags from her even as gifts to hard working writers in my office at the time. 

I shared her business many times on my wall and she made new customers.

Over and over again... I bought packs of children's books too.

When I talked about these things I bought from her on my wall, she got orders from my friends and followers. Over and over again.

She was happy. I was happy. Everyone was happy.
.
.

Now Teetee is into some kind of NGO called Hearts on Facebook...

And between me and my chocomilo, I don't give a rat's ass about NGOs.

I contributed once to it and told her to holler at me anytime she needed me...

But I have no passion or interest for it.

I can only support for a shortwhile, and keep it moving.

She knows this and she is cool with it.

PS: I have enjoyed immense support too from Teetee. And I take none of it for granted.
.

Why am I stating this?

Dear social media users,
This trend of calling out friends for not hailing you or supporting you is witchcraft. 

Stop badgering people to part with their money.
Stop blackmailing your friends!

Stop it!

Go out there (online or offline) and sell your market, leave friends alone. 

Let them patronise you at their own hour.
.
.

Bola has bought every single thing I have sold in this world... even The Breakfast Company! She signed up on behalf of a friend in Nigeria. She bought tickets for my Play and gave to peeps in Lagos to enjoy. 

Idem bought my book and also had her Ex buy my book. She buys Nzuri too. One time she made a request for 4 Nzuri products but we had run out of supply. 

Prisca shares almost all my business posts and buys what she can.

I have NEVER had to badger them to patronise me.

I have NEVER written a post to shame or call out a friend for not "supporting" me.

Because it's ridiculous!

Ndidi Ejoh is one of my biggest Nzuri customers. When she orders, she orders TEN, and gets her friends and family to order too. 

She tried Nzuri once, loved it and wouldn't stop  buying - all on her own.

Allow people to make up their minds.
.
.

Prisca gets excited sometimes and starts pointing out all the bags and stuff she wants to buy from me... but then she goes quiet. 

I don't jump on Facebook and start subbing "unsupportive" friends. I am not the ringtone on her bank alert. 

I don't even remind her or bring it up at all. 

She is not unsupportive. She's dealing with life.

We all are dealing with life from different angles. 
.
.

Listen...

Your family and friends are not your customers. 

If you are lucky and you have friends who patronise you, stay appreciative. It is not a Right that they owe you.

Go and build your customer base from the 100 million adults in Nigeria...

Let your 3 friends, 5 acquaintances, and nuclear family breathe.

Stop with aal
