# Rant1669


June 21, 2019

Mehn!

That Fathers' Day shit really got me in my feelings.

See ehn, don't marry a wrong person.

It doesn't matter how brilliant or driven you are, you will fail.

Even after my marriage ended - a  marriage I was so damn happy to get out of, I was still poor and unhappy for years!

The marriage was over, yet it took years for me to get back the rhythm of my life.

An unfit marriage disrupts your journey.

It's like taking a detour. You are moving, but you are moving in the wrong direction. So all of the movement counts for nothing.

And when you finally realise that you are on the wrong path and you break free...

You still have to walk/move alone through that detour back to the main road where you can continue your true journey.

Did you get that?

It's not just ending the marriage...

Recovering from a marriage unfit for you takes even a longer time.

I was married 5 years, in my 20s...

But recovering from it took 10 fvcking years of my life!!!

It took all my 30s, yo! For real. Especially with two toddlers I had to take care of all by myself.

Not a recovery of feelings oo! Feelings were long dead from my end. I wanted that marriage to end so badly, I used to dream about it.

Recovery is about getting yourself back on your feet. Getting back on track.

Recovery is walking from that long detour you took back to the main road.

It is a long process. And you have to do it alone.

I can say that I spent my entire 30s trying to get back on track.

People may say I have always done well in life. Nah mehn, I know me. I know what I would have conquered and achieved if I wasn't married at all.

Imagine wasting an entire decade because you married wrong...

Please I want to see the idiot that will stop me in my 40s!

Just try! I will crush you!

Now I am living the life I have always wanted...

A non-exclusive relationship. I have always wanted that. Always! I can't believe I found it in a Nigerian man (even though well traveled). I give it to his exposure. If he was fully bred in Nigeria, he would have labelled me by now (even though celibate).
You know, it's always a sport to label women.
.

For me, sex is really about the mind and other actions not just an act.

And so when I say non-exclusive, it means...

"Bro, I don't own you. Nobody should own you. Every human being is an experience, not a possession. I want to experience you. And I want you to FLY. No encumbrances. You have one life. Experience everything, experience people. Because that's what I plan to do. Nonetheless I hope you will be decent enough to respect me if this ends."

That's it. 
.

But I deviate.

I was talking about wrong marriages...

It'll be better not to be married, but if you have to, marry right.

Even your Bible says something like that.
.

This is 2019. Create the life you want.

Everyone and everything will adjust.

✌