# Rant1432


January 12, 2019

This rant is all over the place... on a lazy Saturday.
.

I don't share my ideas with anyone. I just do them.

I'm not good at explaining myself. That's one reason I don't want engagement on my wall apart from friends. 

I hate to explain myself.

I will drop the information and walk away, and hopefully the people who get me will understand. 

It's an energy thing. 

The right vibe.

The right spirit. The right connection. 
.

How do you explain TAAC to an average Nigerian, for instance?

"I want to start an Academy that teaches life."

"What's that?" They'd frown and laugh. "It won't work."

Nah. I don't engage anyone.

TAAC has made more money in two weeks than Write Culture made in the first quarter of its existence.

So tell me again about explaining my ideas to Nigerians.

I usually would start something before I inform "The boyfriend", because I feel everything. So if he as much as blinks his eyes when I'm sharing an idea, it will affect me. It'll affect my decision.

And I don't want that. Because then we'd get into an argument and I'll have to go full throttle rebellion with my cape on.

I don't even care what anyone has to say. I want to do what I want to do.

I am not afraid of failing. I am not afraid of anything. 

If I win, I shrug. If I lose, I move on to something else.

Nothing is deep for me except the expression of my Art.

My greatest reward is the opportunity to see my Art as a living thing - as a stage play or a film or a course/cause.

The first week we started promoting "The Convenient 'hole" sales were very slow. We sold only 5 tickets the first week of promotion. 

I had paid for the hall at Oriental, and Roberta was anxious to sell tickets. We had just 3 weeks left.

I told her: "If nobody comes, I will dress up, wear my make up, strut from my hotel room to the hall, sit and watch the Play all by myself."

If nobody comes I will enjoy my Art by myself. 

It's self love, binches.

I will like your support, of course. But before I seek yours, I have given myself full endorsement. Full validation. 

I don't do this because I want to win. Winning in Nigeria is a joke.

Two guys invented Netflix. Netflix streams around 250 million hours of video per day to about 95 million paying subscribers in 190 countries. 

That is winning.

What have we done that is anything close to Netflix. What are we investing in? 

Look at DSTV, a South African brand. It is the only thing close to decent television in the entire country.

A country of 190 million people, yet not one Nigerian has an original plan, a creative invention.

When a Nigerian launched a competition, HiTV, he used the platform to enrich his personal life.

All the fine dining restaurants in Lagos are owned by Lebanese. 

We can't even set up a simple chic restaurant!

Mehn, fack this country and all its rich, middle-class and poor people!

Fack us all!

Give a Lebanese N100m and he will build ten businesses in Nigeria.

Give a Nigerian N100m, and s/he will buy a car.

How do you folks stay impressed by these people?!

The people you admire live hand-to-mouth luxury. 

We do not have the intelligence, the creative grit, the consistent shedding of self, the spirit of collaboration to produce anything better than what we are.

There's no merger between the investor and the creative. No respect either. 

Nobody is winning. Let's just stop with the BS.

I'mma just live through my Art. Hopefully, we leave some form of art imprint that people can be proud of.
.

I remember how frustrating it was for my brother and mother whilst I was growing up.

"You don't tell us anything!" They'd complain. 

What is there to tell? That I think it is a waste being a Nigerian?

My father was easier.

He never asked me to explain myself.

Just one look - eyeball to eyeball... 

And he understood.