# Rant1652


June 5, 2019

This was such a brilliant idea, to be honest.

3 women from 3 generations. 

Mimi is in her 20s.
Shade is in her 30s.

And I am in my 40s.

We come together on a show to talk about issues and how these issues affect us as women with different perspectives and age as an interesting divide. 

But I couldn't survive the politics of television.

The entire idea of getting set for two hours just to have a 15 minutes show made little sense to me.

But this is not exclusive to this show. This is exactly how TV works.

Camera check. Audio. Video. Wires. Microphones. Set design. Makeup. Costume. Hair. Lights. Whew!!!

Then when you finally pass this phase... the entire show is barely up to 20 minutes (for a 30 minutes slot with commercials and montage).

I loved the idea on paper. But after 3 episodes, I was depressed. 

But I would have continued for the sake of the director. Seyi is an amazing person. And my co-hosts were good women...

But some assistant girl pissed me off on the WhatsApp group meeting, and I grabbed the opportunity and left.

Phew.

Apologies came almost immediately, but who can stop a rolling stone?

Sincerely, I don't know what I am looking for in this world.

I am almost always dissatisfied. 

It's a miracle I'm not poor 😂

I have the attention span of a... human being, yes. No longer a goldfish because our attention span is now shorter than that of the infamous goldfish. 

So, I'm a human being after all. That's consoling 😂
.
.

My ultimate dream is to become a movie director. I'll proceed with that journey this year. 

It's my retirement plan.

I love working. 

Actually no, that's a lie. I don't love work...

I love Art. And fortunately, my art is my work. 

I'll be writing and directing movies until I hit 85.

Somewhere along the line, I'll win 2 Academy Awards. And be nominated 8 times.

I'll direct a movie featuring Ryan Gosling. 

And I'll work on one major project with Tyler Perry that will merge both black cultures of Africa and the Diaspora. 

I'll finally meet Oprah. And so many other things that will occur through my art. 
.

Thought I should let y'all know in advance 😉