# Rant1624


May 10, 2019

Random #GOT post.

Daenerys' fans are quite the sheep.

If you are celebrating the fact that a dragon will eventually spit fire on Cersei and roast her to death...

It shows how very little power your Daenerys deserve.

You are waiting for an almost extinct creature to kill Cersei. 

See how you internalise the fear you have for Cersei. 

For someone like Cersei, to hate her is flattery.

So your hate doesn't count.

Actually, it does. It waters her power.
.
.

So back to the dragons...

You are consoled with one fact - that Cersei, with fire from the mouth of an animal, will die. 

Because woman to woman...

Daenery cannot lay a hand on Cersei.

Lol. Isn't that sad?

Dragons could be described as Luck. Not skills, not intelligence.

And if you get something through "luck" or grace. If it comes like a windfall, it is not a talent. It is not received through merit.

I don't like Cersei. 

I can't stand Daenery. 

None is fit for leadership.
.
.

Away from fiction, the reality of Nigeria comes to mind.

In 2019, in a third-world country, you need a ruthless leader.

Ruthless to decaying systems and corrupt institutions. But kind to its people.

However, systems are made by people and institutions are occupied by people...

So a leader, to fix an "open sewer" like Nigeria, has to be ruthless to its people. Because every sector, every individual has found a way through some form of corruption. 

Ruthlessness not apathy.

Ruthlessness that pulls down a culture of fraud and malfeasance.

When all is broken, burned, dragged, jailed, exposed...

Then Empathy will succeed.