# Rant1511


February 18, 2019

No one can understand how much I like being the woman in the background. The f*cking mystery and power of that position is epic. Put me at the back, let me be the hidden machine. I want to look out from that position and smile at my effort.

This front seat life is not it at all.

I don't want to be seen.

I want to build people who will be seen.

I've always believed that is my true calling - to brand others. 

But everyone is badass in Nigeria so nobody needs you. Lol!
They can do it themselves. They can do "bad" all by themselves, literally. 

It's painful to watch.

- Because of this Nigerian belief, I'm in my front seat... cringing all the way.

In developed societies, the behind-the-scene person is valued. 

It is not an odd position.

But here, this stinking underdeveloped society and its religions that tell you to be "the head and not the tail"... make every numb skull believe their position is in front. And when they don't get that front seat, they believe they have failed.

How many names do you know at Netflix?
How many people do you know at Google?
Do you know who brands Oprah?
Do you know the creative team behind Dragons' Den?

Do you think these brands aren't prepped by someone else or a group of persons?

Do you really think everybody wants to seat in front of a camera or be the face of a project?

And you think if they don't, they are second best?

LOL! The small-mindedness of the Nigerian never ceases to baffle me.

Do you know how many times I have said "yes" to a TV show, only for me to NOT show up after 3 recordings? Because I can't keep up with all the front seat facade?

Website interviews, newspaper interviews... I keep postponing...

I don't like being seen. I don't like it.

That is why scriptwriting will always remain a gift in my life. 

Know the name, not the individual.

That's my true calling. 

This front seat life... I do it well, but it will never satisfy me.