#  Rant1913


December 10, 2019

Wait!

Are we saying Toke Makinwa cannot have a sugar daddy and still have a spiritual life?

Are we saying Toke Makinwa’s baby girl status denies her a right to be admired for the hard work of running her businesses and her personal brand?

Aren’t these things mutually exclusive?

Are y’all really saying that Toke cannot share motivational quotes because she has a niggaa richer than you?

*scratches head*

Are we saying she cannot inspire because (you assume) she gets money in less stressful ways?

Are y'all really upset that she uses her sexual and social currencies sufficiently yet nurtures a healthy appetite for God?

You cannot say she is not hard working and creative.

She is. She works hard!

So that means y’all are just obsessed with her private life then.

Her work life is clear-cut – radio, TV, red carpet, influencer, Youtuber, brand ambassador, brand host, red carpet diva, business woman, budding actress… and these are money-making platforms for a brand like her.

She wears more caps than South Africa’s Bonang, doesn’t she?

Yet Bonang lives quite the exquisite life.

I mean, it’s not like Toke owns a mansion in Eko Atlantic for people to raise a brow. She simple lives an exquisite life. You’ll be shocked how many people can afford that on a middle-class wage.

She has no kids and no husband to worry about. And no parents. She is her own woman and responsible for her own enjoyment and satisfaction. Y’all don’t seem to understand how financially liberating that is. Unless she has an NGO she feeds monthly, that lady can make N1m cheque do great things! That is the beauty of being single with no direct responsibility to other’s needs.

Her money is hers. So a N5 million cheque, for instance, is all hers to play around with creatively.

I’m just saying.

When you earn N1m and you have to feed three children, a wife, an ailing mother and a side chick...

I mean… your life is so different from hers.

Is that what makes y’all mad?

Because if we bring God matter into this, then we also have to talk about men who beat their wives, yet still go to church and have a relationship with God.

How many times have you “forgiven” yourself for being badly behaved, yet you're still the one your wife and kids look up to for direction and inspiration, regardless of all your wicked ways?

Nigerian politicians rape the country with no condoms and they love God more than anyone in this world nah! 

Focus on them and leave women to thrive. 

I don't even see how this is an issue.

Sugar daddy 》 baby girl life 》spirituality.

Looks all right to me.

You are not going to tell a woman how she can praise God because you suspect she has a sugar daddy.

That will not happen at the fringe of a new decade. 
.
.

You people are funny sha.

Let me go and eat jollof rice.