# Rant1867



October 29, 2019

Clout Chasing #03

People who advocate equal rights for both sexes online, but live a different kind of life offline.

It is clumsy, problematic and dangerous.

It is a brand of clout-chasers.

They will tell you not to take any BS from a man… But they live and survive and flourish with men who give BS for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner.

Clout-chasers are frauds. They are desperate and hungry to be credited for qualities they do not possess. It’s like Jennifer Lawrence constantly being in front of a camera, acting a role that isn’t her life or her story – but at least, Jennifer is a good actor and can win a bloody Oscar.

For the discerning, typical clout-chasers are not very good actors. It’s in their eyes, it’s in their mannerisms, it’s in the fluctuation of their truths, it’s in their inconsistencies.

They believe if you can wake up and wear a nice dress or expensive cufflinks, then you can package any part of your sociological form or function and be born again instantly.

So they live that way. They are not living anything near what they preach. They will easily bend for a man, cave in for a man, die for a man. They will give up everything for a man…

But what they will tell you on social media is different.

Why?

Because they do not obviously want to be pick-mes. Pick-mes are traditional, un-woke and un-cool.

They'll rather die than be un-cool.

They want to be modern, unconventional. And admitting to who they are, disappoints even them, so they create an alter ego – but they forget that an alter ego is hard to project for very long, unless you work as hard as Beyonce to protect the identity of Sasha, which even she is becoming pretty bored with.

It is important for the clout-chaser to yap about being single, fly, successful, young, aware, and desirable.

They need to act available and desirable. 
.
.

But the very disturbing part of this brand of clout-chaser is how s/he takes up the attention and space of everything that gathers popularity.

For instance:

If everyone is going back to school, this brand of clout-chaser will start talking about going back to school. It is not motivation, it is driven by unhealthy competition and deep-seated insecurity.

If everyone is writing a book, this clout-chaser is going to write a book.

If everyone is starting a cooking show, this clout-chaser will find a way to start one.

It is almost as if the isolation of anything would literally suffocate him/her.

Everything is a competition with very little interest to actually learn. They just need to overthrow someone - anyone!

It's the mirror-mirror-on-the-wall-who-is-the-fairest-of-them-all sham of a life.

These people are easy to identify, but Nigerians are hungry. They want to hammer. So nobody pays attention.

So all you have is time.

Time is the only karma there is.

At some point, one is going to get tired lifting his/her hand up, and go and rest from all the performance they give to an audience that is impressed, but fickle as the wind.