# Rant1502


February 14, 2019

Today, I was at Write Culture to work with my graphic artist on the aesthetics of ISLAND WEEKLY.

Then my Nzuri team joined me, and together we took orders, wrote Valentine messages on Nzuri love cards on behalf of our customers to the recipients. 

I held a WhatsApp class on Scriptwriting for TAAC students. 

I had a few calls to prospective Nzuri distributors in Portharcourt, Ibadan and Ghana.

I had a script meeting with my team on a TV series for one of our clients.

Then brainstorming of mind-numbing tedium, I needed a cold drink.

Followed by distribution and marketing plans for ISLAND WEEKLY. 
.

At the end of the day, driving home, I burst out laughing in my car.

I laughed so hard, I wiped tears from the side of my eye.

The joke is...

At some point in my life Patriarchy believed my position was to be married, submit, take care of a home, cook, report my issues to a pastor, attend to in-laws, and find ultimate satisfaction in solving homework for my children.

I laughed some more.

What a life!

That life is not me at all.

At all!
.

I work too hard, yes.

My brain is a f*cking machine, yes.

I am not making time for love and affection, yes.

Shoot! I am not having enough sex, yes.

BUT... I will not trade this life I have created for myself, at this moment, for anything. 

I don't know what I am doing, especially because I am doing it all alone with no back-up plan, but I love it! Every single project! I f*cking love 'em all.

My heart beats faster. My passion is raging. I am constantly horny for the desperate need to orgasm at work. 

I love it!

It'd be great to do it with someone.

But who is mad enough to come on this crazy journey with me?

I can't think of one person. They are not crazy enough, not daring enough, not "lost" enough. 

I wake up by 3am to jot down ideas. I am chuckling all night and talking to myself. I agonize about things until I breathe life into them.

I am driving really fast and I may crash.

But what a crash it would be! Adrenaline rush et al.

How can I trade that for soft landing?

I'd rather have those bruises from the "accident" than play safe - in a home, washing plates, frying plantain, solving homework, and managing the average ego of any man.

Nah.

I chose this life. 

This "accidental" life.

I am in control of my life.
.
.

Meanwhile, isn't this the cutest date request?

"...would you please be interested in attending?"

Isn't that just super cute? 😁

And he's hot.

Ah well! 💅💅💅