# Rant1739


August 7, 2019

When I walked into Iroko TV, Accra office, I walked into a CIA unit.

It was all confusing for a minute...

200 people, headphones on, speaking quietly into their system, writing, clicking keypads and phones, heads down to the tasks. Yet voices were low, uniformed, civilised. 

An all-white establishment with transparent glass doors and cubicled tables.

So many employees... I thought I was looking through a reflecting glass that tripled each person.

The only familar thing was the t-shirts they had on, branded 'Iroko TV'.

I was led to the reception... then to Mary's office.

She had on a leopard silk top and black shorts with a pair of burgundy flurry flats.

She was kind. 

She was very kind.

It made me cry in the Uber on my way back home after spending 11 hours with her and Uche Jombo.

She was kind. 

She called me Joy.

I called her Mary.

And she was kind to me.
.
.

Uche Jombo has a script, the dialogue is bad.

"I know a writer - Joy. Never met her before, but I've seen her work. She writes really well. I think we should work with her on this project. Try and get her number," Mary said to Uche.

Uche got my number from another client, who was kind to give it to her but warned her to...

"Allow Joy finish my script first ooo! She dey write season 3 and 4 of my own series!"

So cute. So sweet 😂
.
.

People stared at us, everywhere we went... 

They know Uche Jombo everywhere. 

Some ladies waved and said, "We are Nigerians."

She waved back. Uche is a star. She is comfortable in her skin. 
.

But the discerning recognizes Mary Njoku.
.

We conversed in pidgin English after we were all comfortable. 

We laughed a great deal.

We drove around town.

We visited her home... then we visited the apartment Uche was lodged in.

I have never seen any ambience as beautiful as that place.

It was pulled out of a magazine. Perfect architecture. Brilliant craftsmanship.

We created characters for the series. We wrote the bible. Plotted the script. And debated on scenes... all in motion. 

It was magical.
.
.

Iroko TV is not an oil company, not a telecoms firm...

Iroko is Art. This is Nollywood.

And this is the smallest team Mary has. Ghana isn't a big country, in size or population, after all.

Have a feel of the Iroko empire in Lagos, and maybe South Africa... and live!

One woman. 

One woman who said to me yesterday...

"I don't pursue clout. I have no patience for the routine of slaying on IG. I have a business to build. That's all."
.

Day 2 begins now.
.
.

PS:

Gotta post my chocolate crepe and banana with vanilla icecream again. 

It was so delish. 

"Joy na de kain person wey I dey like to carry go out. She sabi menu well well," Mary said.

Uche and I burst into laughter 😂😂
.
.

Do have an amazing day with a beautiful story to tell at the end of it.

See y'all later!

💜