# Rant1697


July 9, 2019

Dear women,

Whether you date poor... whether you date rich...

You are going to be "broken". 

Have you seen how poor men break women?

Oh dear! They break you and leave you broken with empty stomach.

So plix don't listen to all these rich niggaz bragging about breaking women.

They don't know shit about a broken heart. 

Azzin... what really does a rich niggaa know about a "broken" heart? Absolutely nothing. 

They should go an' learn from a poor nigga.

Poor man will break you and leave you in debt.

Shuoo!

So my dear, you shall break, but break with sense. 

Break with a few millions in your account. 

Remember, whether poor or rich patriarchy's goal is to (attempt to) break you.

Abi?

Better make sure you are breaking over some millions. Take the money and go and cry in Seychelles.

Break better break.

But please don't let a poor man break you.

You see all those semi-mad women in Okokomaiko, dragging three children with one hand and slapping lice out of her cornrows with another hand...

That is how a poor man breaks you. He leaves you mad!

May it not be your portion. Amen?

I saw one of those women broken by a poor man recently. She was sitting on the wall of Accra mall, looking disheveled, skin begging for moisturizer. 

I could tell immediately that a poor niggaa broke this sister. 

Yet rich niggaz will not let us hear word. As if we are not in this third world where a man will fvck woman, steal her money and use it to go an' carry Silifa - the ogogoro seller. 
.

Plix recruit the breaking of your heart to one of those braggart rich in Lagos.

Get your heart "broken" and cry over a wad of notes.

It doesn't matter if it's naira. It is money and it can pay rent and take you to Paris. 

Amen?
.

Many women have been damaged by broke ass  niggaz. 

Let the rich niggaz keep believing they got game and they are breaking hearts. 

Just collect your millions and go and cry in another rich nigga'z arms.

Your heart is not being broken, it is being nourished. 

Halleluuuu!

You are the protagonist of this script. 

Actor nor dey die.