# Rant1666


June18, 2019

Remember the presentation I did last week and got the job (I mistakenly deleted that post 😭)...

The CEO gave a referral! Another big company! 💃

Cool stuff, I tell you.
.

You see, it is one thing for a client to give you a number and tell you to "call this company, they may have business for you"...

It's another thing entirely to give the business your number without your knowledge and say... 

"Call this agency. Ask for Joy. She will give you the best advice regarding creative strategy."

That was exactly what that CEO did.

He said, "call and ask for Joy".

So they called my MD's number and asked for Joy 😊
.

My MD started yesterday with a smile. 

"This man met you only once, liked your presentation and is already sending referrals on your behalf..." He paused, then added.

"Black people don't do that. All we do is try to ensure we are the only ones sitting on the large table."

Of course, he is right.
.

When I got to Ghana, the first meeting I had should never have happened.

That lady was demeaning. Almost like tossing bread to a dog.

You know why? 

She thinks as a foreigner I'll be helpless, needy. So it seemed like the best opportunity to break this Joy who always feels "too much" on social media.

After that meeting, I was so angry. 

Roberta who witnessed a bit of her approach said, "she doesn't know you."

Indeed. I shrugged and moved on.
.

Recently another one happened.

This person is rude for no reason.

I have been at both ends of business - I've been the entrepreneur and the Intrapreneur, so I know how to deliver service and what is expected of me as a creative. 

I deliver excellent creative work on time. I hold my clients in high esteem. I give sound advice. And I am respectful.

I am not an average worker. 

But it was impossible to work with this person.

It was a side hustle and she was extremely obsessed with breaking me. She despised how thorough I was. She was erratic, rude and she exaggerated every single thing.

And I think she did this because she thought as a foreigner I would be needy and I would grovel. 

I refuse to.

I am a decent human being. 

Decency means that I listen, I learn, I receive, I give. And I show corporate respect. 

I deliver a good job at the right time. 

For a white man, this is enough.

But for a black man... the need to humble you is stronger than the need to grow.

I ended that business immediately.
.

Let me ask black people...

What do you need my humility for? 

Humility gets nothing done.

And I have none of it to give.
.

Peace.