# Rant1891


November 20, 2919

Let's solve this mystery for people living in the jungle...

IF A STUDENT COMES TO SCHOOL WITH FAKE EYELASHES:

1. Report to an academic authority - a proprietor, a principal, or a school manager.

2. Principal, have a light chat with the student. Ask questions. Engage her. Be the adult. Be calm and let it be a teaching moment for the child. 

3. Afterwards, direct her to the school counsellor.

4. School counsellor, continue from where the principal stopped. Teach, scold gently. Get her to a point where she apologises.

5. Call the parent. Invite parent over to school. Do not have that discussion on the phone no matter how much parent insists on a WhatsApp convo (except she is out of town). That parent must make the effort, it is part of the "humbling" experience for both parent and child. 

6. When parent arrives, counsellor talk to parent first, then call in the student and speak to both of them.

7. Instruct the parent to do the needful - remove the lashes right there in the office.

8. There are consequences for certain behaviour, BUT it should be commensurate with the offence. For wearing fake lashes, student can sweep the school premises that day - no recording of the "punishment".

9. Student should write an apology letter to school authority. 

Yes, it all seems elaborate. This is so that the child never forgets.

10. Go on assembly the next day and reiterate certain actions that are unacceptable in your school. Do NOT mention the kid's name. There's no point to it. Do not call her out and do not flog the child.

STOP FLOGGING OUR CHILDREN!!!

11. Send a WhatsApp picture to parent of the child's "punishment" (sweeping the school) so she sees why her "negligence" creates a consequence for her kid.

It is humiliating for both child and parent at this point, BUT there's a privacy with this "humiliation", which supports the idea of civility on the side of a school. If you can't be civil, then turn that shithole of a school to a zoo!

Everything should end in 48 hours. Everything. 

At no time should it be made public. 

Teachers, security guards should not get involved. No drama. NO shaming. 

The child learns a lesson. 
The parent learns a lesson.
.
.

You may ask: what if the parent comes to school (when invited) and throws a tantrum in the counsellor's office.

Answer: 
Let her throw a tantrum, at that point she must take her child along. Do not react. You are an institution. Do not respond desperately to an angry parent. Do not match her wrath.

You. Are. A. Brand. 

She will come back, tail between her legs, because her child needs the education. 

And if she doesn't come back because she was quietly reprimanded for fake eyelashes on her kid... then it stops being your business.

You have done your best at that point, in the most refined manner, to address a (non) issue.
.

That's my Masterclass.