# Rant1437


January 13, 2019

American news is now calling Mackenzie "l.o.n.g.s.u.f.f.e.r.i.n.g" 😂😂😂

I hope she doesn't play their game. I hope she doesn't stir up a hornet's nest. These press folks are just being silly, as far as I'm concerned.

Longsuffering, my a.s.s! What's longsuffering about getting all that m.o.n.e.y just because a marriage ended?

The curious focus here is Jeff.

He knows the Law. He knows if he walks away, half his estate is gone.

Actually, more than half. Because he most likely will be demanded by Law to pay child support et al.

So in actual fact, wifey will be richer than him for a while...

YET, he did what he did.

It's amazing.

He must really like this woman!

White people think so differently.

Is it because they don't see money as an end by itself?

How do you give up so much just to be with a woman you want?

I was born in the wrong continent, aswear!
.

Anyway, why I have Sanchez's picture here is for emphasis.

You know, she has been through many high profile relationships. She has a great career and is conquering her own territory. 

She's not some potato with low intelligence sitting around waiting to be fed.

She has her life. Her vision. Her talent. 

And it may be interesting to find that her husband never said these kind of words to her all these years.

But look at our Bezos dishing out poetry, Nerd style!

This love thing is a mystery.

This woman who probably didn't get swirled by romance with her husband, is the same woman that has made a billionaire lose his mind. 

She's not even young. So it wouldn't be the excitement of youth that we can accuse Bezos.

Whew.

When it comes to love, you shouldn't settle for less.

Even with lust, don't settle.

If he wants to lust over you, then that lust has to be intense.

There's a thin line between uncharted love/lust and shame.

In Nigeria, it takes only a minute before someone who claims to love you or lusting over you to turn all that energy he claims to feel for you to digust.

I think it's in the soot we breathe.

We have no respect for love except within an acceptable construct.

I think third world breeds too many narcissists. We don't know how to let go. We have to keep holding on to something - anything, to justify our average lives. 

That is why black people do not engage in dangerous sports. 

We are one of the poorest races yet we cherish life more than those who actually develop the world.

What did the Bible say again?

If you save your life, you shall eventually lose it.

If you lose your life, you will get life eternal.

It's deeper than just the written text.

But what do you know.

I hope people can use this story, that has entertained us greatly for days, as a case study to have intelligent conversation about wants and desires and affection without trying to sit on their moral stools, trying to squeeze out pity for one or hate for the other.

Everyone in this story is a winner.