# Rant1893


November 21, 2019

In 1937, The New London School suffered a major gas explosion.

Gas was odourless at the time (or the regulation was not strict). So when there was a leakage, no one could smell it.

After odourless gas had built up inside the school, a spark caused the collapse of the building and the deaths of over 295 persons.

Trust wh.ite people... they went straight into problem-solving mode.

And so odorants were made readily available, and the regulation of the use of odorants in gas was taken seriously.

The mandate insists that gas must contain odorants to guide our sense of smell to detect a leakage when it happens. 

The authorities found a solution. They didn't act helpless or ask citizens to pray.

One can only imagine the lives odorant in gas has saved for decades!!!
.
.
.

Fast forward to 2019...

Some hustlers in Nigeria, trying to make/save money in the cruellest form, no longer add odorants to gas.

This has caused a few explosions...

Because if you cannot smell gas, you have no idea it is leaking...

And if you are not aware gas is leaking...

You are as good as dead.

But do black people care?

No.

They want to "hustle oo"!

That lamborghini will not buy itself.
.
.

But you know...

Let's blame colonisation 🤔

Feel free to throw in your favourite catchphrase:

"Mental Slavery".

Keorsene adulterated. 
Gas odourless.
Black man - hustling and rich.

Carry on.
.

PS: Insist on odorants in gas by smelling from the cylinder before you purchase.

Save yourself. Save your loved ones.

Peace.