# Rant1418


January 6, 2019

LONG READ, binches.
.

We must learn to tell our stories without using God as crutches that hold the parts we do not wish to state clearly.

See ehn, God in any situation, is a given.

There's no point having Him all over your essay.

The problem is that we are insecure about our progress, and because we are very insecure people, we believe God too must be insecure. 

So insecure that if you don't spread His name like butter on every sentence, then you are an ungrateful child.

It's ridiculous. 

God is God. Period.

Whether you serve Him, whether you don't it changes absolutely nothing.

He is not your biological father or mother with earthly expectations, waiting for you to excel so you can indirectly pay back all the funds he invested in your life.

That is why, in contemporary living, tithing is a sham.

God is no longer dwelling in a structure that should be made pretty. He dwells within you. 

It is not your job in 2019 to take care of a grown man who calls himself a p.as.tor by doling out your hard earned money to build his dream house (aka Church) for him.

C'mon!

But I deviate...

I was talking about life's progress report and the constant embellishment of our stories with "God".

If you have a story to tell, tell it.

If you don't want to tell it, don't. 

If we are going to build our society from ground up, then medium scale businesses must drop all their religious sentiments and share the true story of their progress to help others.

The whole God-calling at every juncture of your tale is unn.eces.sary. It is a smokescreen. 

And that is why when an American entrepreneur shares his story, you feel it in your soul. It jolts you and encourages you to BE something.

There's hardly the mention of a God.

Because as we know, God is an estab.lished fact in our lives (for those who believe, of course).

And just because you call His name doesn't mean you even love Him or care about Him.

It's religion. 

It's the lazy way Nigerians have been conditioned to share their progress report on life.

It's easier. Just fill the gaps of your life with "if not for God."

WE KNOW. 

If not for God you wont be alive. WE KNOW.

Now, tell your story. Even God needs to listen to you tell it, but when you keep calling His name, it's a distraction. 

You think he is your local government chairman who needs to be reminded of the borehole he commissioned?

Don't be silly.

It irks me the most when wealthy Nigerians do this. And that was why I totally respected Paddy Adenuga's story.

He could have buttered his entire life with God. And you would all be satisfied.

But he wanted to tell a Real story, yet dunderheads were offended.

Offended that a billionaire's son could have a story to tell that was similar to everyday struggles. 

As if wealth should turn him to a graffiti on a wall without a soul.

We must learn to tell our stoires.

I am into Arts and to promote Art in Nigeria is hard.

Last year I got the support of MEN who believed in me.

I have always said that my greatest financial backbones are MEN.

I had the opportunity to work with someone whose work ethics resonated with me. He took out layers and layers of my fears just by managing his company. 

It wasn't even deliberate mentoring. He was just being himself, doing his thing the way he knows how. 

He was falling apart. He was fixing up. He was losing faith. He was leveling up. He was unsure. He was optimistic. He was burning. He was building. And all I did was watch.

People look at him and saw what they wanted to see, which was mainly negative. 

But I saw him and I knew that if I couldn't learn from someone so passionate, so rebellious, then I may never really do great exploits. 

In Nigeria, it doesn't get better than him. 

And it is shocking that not one employee has written about the experience. 

In America, someone like that would have a few written books from ex-staff in hardcover... because that is how you build society. You share the stories of peculiar greatness. 

But not Nigeria.

The only thing we love to do is call out employers when we leave, and whine about not being treated fairly.

Well, you have left the company, abi? Ok. Go ahead and treat yourself fairly nah.

But they can't. They still fail at it.

That's how you stay rooted in one spot like a tree... because your sense of entitlement keeps jabbing at you, expecting you to keep lamenting about how unfairly you have been treated even by the sun, beating down on you and causing you sunburns. Toh.
.

I dedicate my ruthless pursuit of my goals to him. Last year, I realised I could do so much more, you know? I could leave my comfort zone and build Art businesses.

Because I encountered someone.

That is what they mean when they say someone HAPPENED to you.

Whew.

And even after our business together failed, he gave me a good chunk of money many months later to pump into my vision.

Many many months later.

Why? Because he probably saw a bit of himself in me and how I pushed to make good of the aftermath of a fall.

I didn't stay down. I wouldn't. 

Someone else made sure I didn't. 

You see the amazing cycle of progress? That's the shit we need to share when we talk about growing a business in this clime.

What works for you? What do you have that draws interest/desire in others? What qualities do you wish to project about yourself that you believe is worth investing in?

Stop looking around waiting for validation from every e-scoundrel before you become all of what you need to be - brain, beauty, soul, magic.

Now where does God come into this, pray tell? This is all YOU!

Yes, God makes it possible to wake up every new morning. He is the reason I have good health. The reason I haven't died of a freak accident. The reason that controls nature's temperament.

If I leave God out of a story of how I moved from Point A to B in growing my Art, is it going to make me an ungrateful child?

These things don't matter to God as much as it matters to our self doubt... especially when it is done on social media.

God isn't your fo.llo.wer.

And if He was one of us, He'd probably delete this app.