# Rant1785


August 29, 2019

Dear Parents,

Please teach your sons how to cook.

Nobody gave birth to a daughter to coman cook for them.
.

I did not carry a cook in my stomach for 9 months for your son.

Do right by your son and give him the keys to the kitchen.
.
.

We are teaching our daughters how to make money.

So there'll be no need for all those rubbish shade and sub about growing with a poor man until he hammers.

No need for those silly pictures about patiently loving a man when he rides on Okada, so she can enjoy the rewards of her loyalty when he buys a Benz.

Our daughters are not waiters. They are not waiting for anybody to hammer.

Our daughters gan-gan will hammer.

They will buy their own Lamborghini.

Let everybody be self-sufficient in that generation.

Let all this trade by barter relationships end and die by fire.
.
.

And while you are at it...

Tell your sons they are not the head of any house.

Our daughters are very smart.

Their head is good enough.

Everybody and their head. Period.

They will have no use for servility.
.
.

Most importantly...

Tell them slut-shaming is the quickest way to know a cretin.

Our daughters will be free!

They will not be nice to misogynists rara!
.
.

Oh! Before I forget...

Please teach your sons that marriage is not a reward they give to well-behaved women.

Marriage is not a reward. End of.

It is not something my daughters will aspire to.

And personally, I have no interest in raising "nice" women.
.
.

If we hate the narrative of this era we are in...

Then we can train our children to construct better narratives.
.

Let's do the work.

O se.