# Rant1926



December 22, 2019

People got tired of hating or trolling DJ Cuppy because she really doesn't make people feel small.

The first reaction Nigerians had when she burst on the scene was to get what they could from her (through giveaways), troll and then spit her out.

The way they do rich black people who talk down at poor black people.

But then DJ Cuppy became one of them.

She didn't encourage begging. 

She shared public and online spaces without threatening the rights of others to be poor in peace.

She wasn't tormenting anyone to "hustle oo". She was just occupying her space and any space available that she could own.

She was kind in her responses. And she did not possess the range to hate, scoff or poke at people's lack.

She didn't pretend to be a motivational speaker. That alone is a blessing! Phew!

She is daddy's girl. And daddy has money.

Soon Nigerians realised that it is not a crime to have money and share spaces with others.

DJ Cuppy did that.

People gravitate towards her because her wealth doesn't make them feel small.

DJ Cuppy isn't deliberate with this, but her personality is great PR.

Not everyone has her kind of personality. Not everyone can be effortless in personal branding.

The rest of humanity needs proper branding and PR.
.
.

Nativeland, for instance, telling us how amazing they are, and how they have held concerts successfully in the past as a response to people being beaten and wounded at their event last week!!!

I mean!!! The nerve!!! What a shitty PR statement!!!

But I deviate...

I was talking about DJ Cuppy.

Yes.

Nigerians don't hate rich people...

They hate that you think your life is the only one that matters... that your existence is the only valid one.

And they will do anything to correct that anomaly.