# Rant 1757



August 16, 2019

It is not enough that someone is a doctor…

We tell them to hustle.

So they collaborate with merchants and sell your son’s kidney when he comes for check up.

.

It is not enough that someone is a teacher…

We shame them for earning a certain amount.

So they intentionally deny your children good education in the classroom, so that YOU can pay for private lessons and they (teachers) can make more money.

.

It is not enough that he is your employee…

You indirectly scoff at the idea of working-for-others, so these people steal from you…

Because you are an asshole.

.

It is not enough that you are a football coach…

The culture of “hustle oo” in third-world countries will get to you and you ignore the ethics of your industry and ask for bribe.

.

It is not enough that you are a politician…

Nigerians will mock you for driving a Peugeot, so you will do as others do – steal a billion naira and buy a yatch.

.

It is not enough to be YOU in third-world societies…

The theme of “hustle ooo” will come to you and violate you.

.

It is not enough.

We are never enough.

You are not enough. 
.
.

It is ridiculous for the dream or culture of any nation to be defined by money.

The Nigerian dream is the Dollar.

Yet the dollar is not the American dream.

.

This money chase is a big problem.

A society cannot be built on “hustle”.

Its significance is destructive.

.

The tailor is hustling, so she rented your wedding dress to someone else so she could make a quick buck before she delivers to you. 

Your security guard is hustling, so he kidnapped your wife.

Your friend is hustling, so he is going to flush that friendship down the toilet and disappear with the N500k loan you gave him.

Your local government chairman is hustling, so he will channel government funds to his personal use and leave your roads to turn to gullies.

You are all hustling.

This is what a society of hustlers looks like – Nigeria.

.

The truth is: we don’t need wealthier people.

We need people with DIGNITY and INTEGRITY.

A poor man can have DIGNITY!

We have stripped people of their right to self-respect because they don’t have money.

Yet we scream when people do the most to get money. 

Money still hasn't given any of you dignity. 

We are a disgrace.

Deep down we all know it.