# Rant1828


#September 29, 2019

Someone called out my privilege as a screenwriter.

And I agree. I totally agree.

I can't even fault it.

However, my post, defending Nollywood, is not without context.
.

Just a few weeks ago, the Literati tried to protect their territory by mobbing a certain critic of their book festivals and activities held in certain corners of Nigeria where there may have been a display of gross abuse of power.

They burned a certain writer for having opinions about their work. 

Burned him!

But it's just social media, the writer lives, still.

And for smart people who are mobbed, he can only get bigger from thereon.

Social media mob is the leap you need to the next level. More people know you, follow you, and a lot of goodwill comes out of it...

Because the universe hates mobs. It always finds a way to reward the target. 

I should know 🤷🏽‍♀️

So there. 
.

Only a week later (after the mob of this writer by dozens of other writers)...

These people swiftly shifted to Nollywood and started with that creepy tone of superiority, telling Nollywood what it should become, mobbing (yet again) and badgering filmmakers to listen to their "advice".

Ahn! Ahn! Are you people on crack?

They attacked Niyi Akinmolayan, bamboozled him with all that flatulence. All of them like bees had the intention of stinging him to death. 

I mean... these same people who couldn't swallow criticism of their book festivals oo!

These people were fighting for the right to be left alone to serve humanity as they wish oo!

How is it (that) this same Literati hoping to be left alone and unburdened by contrary assessments or reviews cannot give the same courtesy to Nollywood?

And how is it that living in a country like Nigeria without potable water, effective transport system or electricity, they could aspire to have a Nollywood that meets their immediate fantasy?

That is the context of my rant on The Literati condemning Nollywood.

People always mention former government support for Nollywood.

But of course, a movie industry should get grants and support from government...

Just as The Literati also enjoys government support.

The Literati is not the authority on anything. 

Sometimes it is important to remind them. 

If you can write crisp and brilliant sentences doesn't necessarily mean you make sense.

I had to remind them of their hypocrisies. 

And I can only share my opinion from a privileged position, which of course I enjoy...

Just like some of you enjoy a certain position of being in a circus, sorry, circle of the Literati. 

You enjoy your ceremonies and awards. You are emotionally invested in them. 

I am invested in Nollywood 100%.

I wouldn't have said this a year ago (even though I have always been a beneficiary of Nollywood as a writer).

But this year, I said "fuck it, I'm in this."

So Nollywood filmmakers may ignore you, because writing is not their strength, but I will try not to ignore you. 

I mean... some of the most cringeworthy hypocrisies, elitism and prejudice come from The Literati. So what are we talking about!

Show your hypocrisies and I'll point them out. 

If Nollywood breaks your heart, you can learn screenwriting too.

I am presently studying directing because I want to control the stories I tell from start to finish. 

The minute I mentioned I was studying directing, I had two jobs waiting for me.

Neo Nollywood is not uppity. 

If someone as cynical as I am can thrive in Nollywood, you can too.
.

So yes, I'm not mad at all by that observation. 

I am privileged, yes. I would write scripts with my last breath. 

Whenever I stop defending Neo Nollywood when a mob happens, know that I have become too rich to care.

Yours privileged,

JIB.