# Rant1848



October 15, 2019

Please, I don't understand...

When did "what do you do for a living" become such a terrible question to ask in 2019?

In my opinion, that's a great conversation starter. And sincerely, it is the only thing I really want to know.

Yet y'all are bashing the easiest way to kick off conversation?

Why?

I mean... if we don't know what your occupation is, how are we going to strike up relevant conversation?
.

It's a very straightforward question:

"What do you do?"

"Oh! I'm a teacher. I teach at Igando Community school."

"How nice! Your students must be lucky. You seem to know a lot about new society and the un-learning that is taking place."

"I try. I try to teach out of the box, yes."

"That's nice."
.

How can that not be a good way to kick off conversation?

What are you people so sensitive about? It's just a job. 

You want them to ask about your social media handle? Or you want to focus on the weather?

What do you people want?!
.

"What do you do" is the elephant in the room. Yes, it may be a quick and inaccurate way to grade anyone (I actually think it is the best way to grade, but that's just me)...

I don't think people should feel uncomfortable about what they do.

How am I going to be talking to someone and I don't know if the entire conversation is above their pay grade?

It's a waste of time. 

I hate small talk, so if I'm having any, it has to be worth the while.
.

A smart security guard is great. 

But do I want to chat with him all night?

No!

How do I grade the conversation? By knowing what he does for a living, and respecting both my time and his.
.

A receptionist is awesome...

But does a man who is about to launch a Netflix competition appreciate spending late night hours chatting with her?

Not necessarily (PS: with men you can't really tell though).
.
.

First date I had with The Boyfriend at Four Points hotel, I asked...

"So what do you do?"

He told me, then I relaxed. 

Time is the only currency there is. I try to invest it wisely in conversations with people who can DO something with it.

Unless it's just empty talk, then that's not my crowd. 

Occupation says alot about who you are.
.

My point is...

"What do you do for a living?" is a good conversation starter. 

It is never going out of style. 

Our children will carry on the tradition. 

Thanks.