# Rant1730


July 31, 2019

I was invited to a private dinner yesterday to propose ideas on: "Movie-making as an Art form with possibilities for profit."

Although this was strictly for the Ghanaian audience, it got me thinking about all the money floating in Lagos yet Art is largely ignored. 
.

These are my Lagos musings...

Stage Plays: 
Stage production is an amazing form of Art. Plays have the potential to build its own profit. 
Start with small cast Plays but brilliant scripts, promote aggressively, use a well-known venue like Terra Kulture, riding on its ready-made audience. Be consistent, and you will be hailed as championing an Art form. 

Random events in Lagos or Abuja run into millions of naira. The impact is fickle. Art leaves a longer impression and greatly revered. 
.

Movie App:
Create original content. Own your own movie app. Be Nigeria's Netflix. It doesn't have to be as immediately sophisticated. 

Get your equipment, studio, Art staff, production crew. Put 20 scriptwriters to work. It's a day job. They come to work every day. The goal is to have a short series/movie script ready at the end of every week.
Do it better than the so-called competition. Take over. 
.

YouTube series:
If you represent brands, create art content in the form of online series for them. 
Creating content and then looking for sponsors or Ads is stale.
The real art work is working with a brand you can write a 26-part series that will weave the brand and its qualities into the series. 

Art is lazy in Nigeria. The fact that people still do raw Ads shows how unimaginative...

Let me stop. I'm bored.

But you get my drift.

I have 52,900+ people here...

If you have N20m and a brand... invest it in an art form for your brand, not commercials.

A 13-part series for YouTube, for instance. 

Entertain people with your brand, give them REEL content. Give them motion. 

That's good clout... better than all these funny events Nigerians like to do upandan.

I will write your Art. I will direct it.
.

Sadly, Nigerians don't get it at all.

I know I'm talking to the wind.