# Rant1817


September 25, 2019

This is my rule on Facebook:

If you find a group of women under a thread talking a pile of doubt about your story, block them. 

It is shameful that in 2019, women find it difficult to believe a man can love a woman the way I receive love. 

Maybe I am such a good storyteller and my life sounds to good to be true.

How else am I supposed to say I moved to Ghana in one month and got a good job right at the chain of command?

How else am I expected to tell the love and kindness I enjoy from The Boyfriend?

You know?

If your life is far from beautiful, sorry. Mine is not. 

In this Patriarchal infested society called Africa, I have broken every damn rule, and my rebellion blessed me with a better life. 

I pray every day to the God of this rebellion. 

You'll never know how beautiful your life can get until you rebel.
.

Nothing irks me more than a bunch of women trying to analyse the life of another woman.

Every woman under patriarchy is a prisoner. This is why even your richest women in Africa are always looking for male validation when they tell their stories.

We are all "prisoners". The only difference is I get cold water to drink every day... and I refuse to wear the uniform of conformity. 

Why?

Because I demand it!

You are too much of a coward to ask.

You tell yourself you are too old to be loved, too ordinary to be treated in a special way. 

Well, I don't talk to myself that way. 

I wake up every morning and I tell myself I fvcking deserve the best because my mind is powerful and my body is banging and my smile is cute and my voice is sexy and my thighs are lovely and my cheeks are rosy...

Should I continue?

I block these women because their doubts disgust me.

But we are all still prisoners. 

It will take one scrawny ugly boy to call you a whore...

Then a mob is made from just a word. 

Whore.
.
.

See ehn, the only fight I am interested in is the fight against Misogynists.

I don't have time for silly women and their below average love lives and jealousy. 

You are the pawns on this chess game. You are easy to pacify, easy to destroy. 
N500k from a man and you will declare undying love. Cheap rags.

You are not my fight. 

I am searching for absolute freedom from the lies and labeling of The Patriarchy.

That's my war. 

I will tell it through films, short stories and stage plays and rants. 

The time is almost near. Don't distract me with your averageness. 

Foolish pick-mes are beneath me.

You can never get my attention.

Level up.