# Rant1797


September 8, 2019

For intrapreneurs. 

If you work in a company and you think you are better than the supervisor/manager...

Walk up to the CEO and tell him you want that person's job because you can deliver better results... OR ask to work independent of the charade.

At this point, you have set yourself up. 

It means you MUST succeed. You will spend more hours working. And you must do better than the person you criticised.

It is for these reasons many employees do not make this request.

But I always do.

I mean, I always report directly to the CEO, but there are processes and people that may slow my work, thereby affect my performance.

So I always make that request to ensure the cart is not placed before the horse. 

Because the most important thing for me is building the company...

And that is why I wonder how people make friends at work.

How do you become friends to someone whom you have to form a judgement of their productivity, quality, deliverables, professionalism, integrity, dedication, commitment to work?

How can you think of friendship when you may have to criticise their work ethics?

Unless you don't care about the company, then you shouldn't be there. 

I strongly believe you will compromise on efficiency when you make friends of your colleagues.

Dating them is even worse! That can never happen.

Imagine someone like me dating a colleague...

Think of the emasculation that will happen to him just watching me do my job 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

I do not recommend this for average workers though. You can't keep up.

Carry on with that Kumbaya.