# Rant1681


June 29, 2019

I run business in Lagos.

Nzuri body wash and face/body scrub

Nzuri shampoo and conditioner with activated charcoal 

And my fashion accessories hub (wholesale and retail)
.
.

And my book, of course. A piece of my crazy mind in 140 pages 😘
.

I'll be launching new businesses in Lagos and Ghana soon. They will be run by my manager, Roberta of life. 
.

Buy! Buy!! Buy!!!

Thank you SOCIAL MEDIA.

Because at no point have I had to sell to anyone physically.

My mother has not seen Nzuri.

None of my relatives have.

Yet I have sold over 6000 units.

My book? I've sold 638 copies. Not one sponsored post yet.

Pray tell, who is buying?
.

My accessory business... I put a post for potential wholesale buyers, and in 24 hours the store room was empty.

Who are these people buying?

They are all on social media.

But please feel free to keep bashing people who take social media seriously.
.

The truth is, as the world advances, there'll be less physical contact.

Technology isn't going to die for physical association to thrive. 

Physical contact will eventually be inconvenient, unproductive and unrewarding. Even sex - aziin fvcking - will eventually find its orgasms via technology. 

Technology will soon plant a version of sim cards inside human flesh to rid us of the inconvenience of holding a phone that can be broken or stolen. 

If Facebook ends today... another more advanced social network app will exist.

But you are stuck in the Palaeolithic, with your receding brain cells that suggest you are living in the time of the extinct - like the Neanderthals who had to come together to make tools out of stones. 

You are here waiting for Facebook to end, the world is busy thinking of ways to improve social media.

Oh wait! You thought first-world people think so small like you?

You are preoccupied with day dreaming of social media dying, so "influencers/celebrities" will become nothing. (PS: I hate those terms).

Tsk tsk.

What you don't know is: people who make it on social media, will most likely make it out of social media.

What will you say then? 

"I cannot wait for humans to go extinct so these real time influencers will be nothing"???

You are just bitter.

Dunderheads! 

Where were you when God was dispensing commonsense? Fucking a fallen angel? 🤷🏽‍♀️
Why so backward? Why so retarded?

It is not our fault that you can't sell anything, not even a handkerchief, to any of your online or real time friends.

Small-minded people always bashing social media and people with followers.

You have no idea what you are talking about.

And I will not teach you nada.

Definitely not for free.