# Rant1791


September  4, 2019

Please ehn, let's get this straight:

Bobrisky doesn't represent men.

Bobrisky doesn't represent women. 

Bobrisky doesn't represent trans.

Bobrisky doesn't represent any sexuality. 

Bobrisky represents himself. 

Bobrisky represents his stomach. 

It is all about bread.

He is a hustler.

And that is OK.

However, the problem with people who are desperate for bread is the ease by which they throw everything else under the bus.

Just give them money. Or the promise of some kind of opportunity... and they will stand with the vilest human beings. 

Bobrisky does not have the moral compass to represent any opinion or group beyond a minute, before his stomach kicks in. 

He doesn't even have the intellection for anything deeper than the application of (Mary Kay) foundation.

Bobrisky loves to be a woman. 

That's all.

That effort is all there is. Stop thinking it is deeper than that.

The promise of bread is stronger than dignity for many. 

Niggaa doesn't even understand how the world works.

Fatoyinbo was good to you so you doubt he can hurt someone.
Yahoo boys are trying to make money, stop jeloz.

You know, basic stupidity. 

And you want to elevate that person because he can tie iro and gele, and wear fake lashes?
.
.

And this is why you cannot stan Nigerians too deeply.

We are not a people capable of looking beyond what we can get from a situation. 

We just don't have it in us.
.

Now everybody wants to make money.

So when Tiwa cancels a show, you are calculating how much she'd lose...

In your head you say she is stupid. Because you can't imagine anyone placing anything else above money.

This money that you serve. This money that is insatiable. This money that you do not know when to stop worshipping. 

And then you advise her to use the event as a platform to stand against xenophobia. 

So what you are saying is:

Tiwa should wear her performance attire, oozing of seduction... 
Give a 2 minutes speech about ending xenophobia... 
Then start to sing roboskeke roboskeske.

And you think you are not mad?
.
.

I was talking about Bobrisky...

How did I move to Tiwa?

I don't even think I made the point I wanted to make about Bobrisky.

I lost my train of thought 🤦‍♀️