# Rant1408


January 2, 2019

I gave an intro to Sexual Capital yesterday.

I am not interested in Facebook banter on the subject. Nigeria is largely a religious society drenched in its own illusions and hypocrisies.

In a society like this, choices are either black or white. There are no purples, no pinks, no turquoises, no violets.

Well, I am not one of you.

I am willing to explore the colours life gives. 

And so when the subject of Sexual Capital comes up... it is a subject that deals with your colour blindness.
.

Let me tell you what Sexual Capital is not:

It is NOT the lady who mysteriously gets N100k from a random IG follower. Who, a week later, asks for more money, and then meets up with the man some place for unprotected sex that finally gets worms sprouting from her lady parts. 

That scenario, as read on Instagram, is simply an average Nigerian woman being her true self - a Nigerian with very little intellect.

It's annoying that anyone would equate such stupidity to Sexual Capital. 

Sexual Capital is NOT boob sharing on WhatsApp to get a man's attention.

Sexual Capital is NOT the constant attention women seek... the pick-me retarded lines that some employ to get in the good books of men.

Sexual Capital is not your friend who gets along with men to your perpetual admiration. 

Sexual Capital is not sex. It is not the gimmick women employ to be seen in a certain way by men.

Sexual Capital is Respect, Admiration, Appreciation, Wonder etc.

It may lead to sex, like every other thing leads to sex. 

Everybody, including the lady who holds conferences about Abstinence, IS HAVING SEX!

Whew!

Sexual Capital is not pretentious like the lot of you. It primarily focuses on the qualities you have polished and branded.

It's funny because people who mouth off negatively about Sexual Capital are also indulging in the same activites they ASSUME the other woman is engaged in...

Except they aren't getting any real Reward from it. And no Respect.
.

If you visit a public toilet in a mall, after seeing a movie, and you find a very intelligent woman cleaning the toilet bowls and floors, talking about something as random as, say, 'the impact of transnational commodity trading through a development economic perspective', with someone on the phone...

What will be your first reaction?

You will pause, take a second look at her and wonder what in hell she is doing cleaning toilet bowls!

If you see a woman that you find attractive selling coconut chips in traffic, you are going to wonder what a woman like that is doing selling N50 coco chips in traffic.

You'd wonder why intelligent-woman-cleaning-toilets isn't in America on a scholarship and going in and out of overwhelmingly emotional relationships. Because intelligence should have its rewards (and curse).

And you'd wonder why attractive-woman-selling-coco-chips isn't running an exquisite business in town. Because beauty should have its rewards.

These are the colours of life.

Your features, your voice, your intellect, your experiences, your talents should all make way for you.

If what you posses draws the attention and attraction from others, a business is formed - a business in love, lust, attraction, work, and some kind of collaboration happens.

If you wish to be stuck in your rut to think that only the woman who wakes up in the morning, prays, carries her bag and goes to a place to work, shunning all advances and acting like the half-sister of Mary mother of Jesus... then praise be! Be stuck there by yourself.

What you will not do is shame others who are AWARE of what makes them tick, and know how to build legit industry from it.
.

So I got many inbox massages about my post yesterday about Sexual Capital and "why did you take it out of the curricula at TAAC!"

The course is there, but I am not going to have it with just anyone.

I'll have private classes on Sexual Capital. It is not on the TAAC course programme, I took it out because Nigerians are not ready for that education. 

I like physical classes because it allows me to SEE you and how you respond to knowlegde.

So if you can be available for the class on Sexual Capital, then send an inbox message.

If you are not in Lagos and cannot come for it and would rather have an online class, let me know.

You will get the Class schedule and fee on request.

If you prefer emails, send a mail requesting more info on the class to: taaclearning@gmail.com