# Rant1533


March 8, 2019

Here's my message for International Women's Day:
.

To shame a woman is sport. 

Woman, I want you to go into that sport and get a gold medal.

Yes. Get a gold medal in the sport organised to shame you.

You can only overcome shame by doing what you want -  that which makes society uncomfortable and bloated with rage.

They will shame you for everything.

If you care so much for shame, you will achieve nothing.

It is so bad that even when you are worth it, and you ask for more AND THEY ARE EQUIPPED TO GIVE YOU MORE...

They will still shame you.

They will remind you how you dared to ask for more...

While they continue becoming more.

LMAO!

It would have been sad if it weren't so idiotic. 

They will downplay your worth and exaggerate the worth of those they love...

The idea is that you begin to see yourself as less.

Because the real success of the Nigerian (men and women) is to keep you down.

You and your talents will be diminished in the face of some other person's without a pinch of talent to begin with.

Do not fall for that cheap trap.

You are KING, woman!

If you think you deserve more, go ahead and ask for MORE.

Go ahead and become MORE.

Let them shame you. 

Take that shame and wear it like a crown.

Become that shame...

The shame of a woman who dares to ask for more.

Over and over again, they never change. 

They don't care about you.

Oh! You think they do?

LMAO!

Nobody cares about you.

But you know what? It doesn't matter.

YOU care about YOU.

That is all that matters.

You can win in this life.

Get used to the shame. Anticipate the shame. Welcome the shame. Laugh at the shame.

But don't you dare let that shame stop you.

I wear all my shame. I give them oomph!

My shame of demanding more - more respect, more love, more wages, and getting the full appreciation of my awesomeness.

That's my shame.

And I will not be compared with anyone.

You must be blind to even try.

I am shameless.

Now, approach me with the respect of all that I have become.

Happy Women's Day.