# Rant1704


July 15, 2019

You know how you're in a meeting with a bunch of men...

You are the only woman seated at the conference table...

Let's imagine it's a brainstorming session for a hair product. 

At some point you - as the only woman - are making a presentation on what the product does...

Let's imagine it is for natural hair.

One of the men in the room is sure to belch out in excitement...

"Ah! I love women with natural hair! It's so beautiful."

Then like a chorus, they all start to sing their hair preferences for women...

They take longer minutes daydreaming of women's hair than actually contributing actively to the meeting.

You wait for them to finish this ridiculous banter during a meeting, with lack of interest to engage.

You are not going to babysit grown men... so you pick up your phone and buzz a real niggaa on WhatsApp so you can both flirt.

You are in the office in Zone A
He is in his office in Zone X

But he can't wait to see you after work so he can lift up your dress and give you cunnilingus. 

That cheers you up.
.
.

So when the clowns in your office are done analyzing women and how their hair turns them on... they turn to you and expect you to continue the presentation, hoping that somehow all that ridiculous testosterone in the room will rattle you.

But you do not budge. You keep replying WhatsApp messages to a nigga you like. 

Now the clowns are upset because you are "wasting time".

Nah clowns, I'm not wasting anybody's time. 

You took 10 minutes of my office presentation time to yap about women and their hair, hoping it'll cause a certain reaction from me. 

But I don't care about any of you beyond the four walls of an office. 
.
.

And this is the hardest part for a heterosexual woman.

I do not fancy a lot of men. I can't stand many. I think The Patriarchy really fvcked men up.

To think that you are the prize when you are just an average bloke, is a sign of schizophrenia.

How a man would look at a woman way beyond his intellect and think it is up to him to validate her... it is something that gets my goat every time. 
.
.

When I am done chatting up my niggaa... I will whip my wig back and continue with the presentation.