# Rant1815


September 23, 2019

This is my life. 

A life where my kids' school fees are paid by a man who is not their father.

Not just regular fees, but boarding school fees. 
.

I didn't "suffer" with The Boyfriend.

I wasn't part of the years he was trying to figure himself out. 

Many narratives tell women they are entitled to a man's wealth, respect, kindness, and love only if they "suffered" with him. 

It is absolute bullcrap powered by Patriarchy. 

It is the convenient tale of insecure misogynists and pick-mes.
.

The Boyfriend has paid school fees five times now. Fees running into millions. Even when he suffered major blows in stocks. He didn't stop being a gentleman.

He buys groceries, takes them to school, yet he still needs to travel all around the world for work.

The last time, he had a night flight. He dropped the kids in school before heading to the airport. 

He almost missed his flight.

This is the same man planning our vacation. 

He is the same man who has taken me to some beautiful places in the world. 

Same man who calls me every morning to tell me he loves me.

Nobody coerces him to do these things. Nobody!
.

Don't let anybody tell you that you have to "suffer" (with them) before they can show you kindness.

And don't let anyone get away with treating you  badly. 
.

You don't have to suffer nada!

These are narratives of twisted and wicked people. 
.

Tell them...

"Sorry, I wasn't part of the years you suffered.  But I am here now. Have the commonsense to know the value I bring in the present OR fvck off!"

Do not lower your expectations of how you should be treated. 

Else you will be told to wash the butt of someone after he poops.

And poop stinks. 

*drops mic*