# Rant1712



July 18, 2019

I am certain I suffer clinical depression, but I'm never going to find out.

I know this because of how low my spirit sinks sometimes. 

Today is one of those days.

My boss traveled to New York this morning, and I can feel my heart sinking. 

I feel empty. I can't get any work done. I've been moving around the office like a lost soul. 

And when he sent a message, unaware of my mental state, that says...

"I will miss you. I have big plans. Don't worry."

I burst into tears in the washroom. 

I just realised this man is the soul of my life in Accra. An extremely kind, generous, patient man.

His absence dimmed Accra's sun today. 

A boss and a friend. I feel so vulnerable without his presence here.
.

I called my Ghana niggaa, maybe conversation would help me.

But it only made me crave to be alone. 

He tried to cheer me up. But I am complicated. 
.

I'm moping around, fighting back tears. 

Why?

I don't know.

Everything is amazing in my life. Why isn't that enough?

This is one of those days I wish I was a simple woman with a simple mind, satisfied by simple things. 

But I am not simple.

My mind is a fvcking tunnel.

I've been going through over 1,500 pictures on my phone... reminiscing on great memories to lift my spirit. 

I want to go to my apartment and stay in bed till Sunday.
.

PS: I am going to be OK. My best therapy is ranting on Facebook. Y'all have no idea how this heals me. I just need to be away from regular human beings, physically, for a few days