# Rant1729



July 31, 2019

I'll be talking relationships a lot because I've got many followers asking personal relationship questions in my inbox. 

I am not a counsellor.

I am not a role model.

I am a woman with her experiences - experiences I am willing to share.

I share and keep it moving. I don't admonish or preach.

So if you find gems in them, lucky you. Apply as they suit your own reality. 
.
.

Here goes...

I was working from a client's office for two weeks. It's a big office - over 30 executives in the department I was operating from.

Everyone would say "hello" to me... except one dude. 

One very hot dude.

E pain me.

Everyday, he'd walk by my table and wouldn't say a word to me or even look at me.

WTF!!! 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

On a weekend, I asked for his number from one of my new friends in his office. 

I told her to tell him I requested for his number. 

She gave me the number and I sent a "Hey" to his WhatsApp.

That "hey" remained an orphan for 6 hours. 

I wanted to die!

Finally he responded by 9pm with... 

"Hello, Joy".

I asked if I could call (I hate WhatsApp after the initial introductions)... he said I could.

I called immediately, and my first words rolled out of my tongue anxiously. 

"Why don't you talk to me in your office? Not even a hello! I've been there two weeks!"

I couldn't believe how agitated I was. That five seconds wait before he responded lasted for eternity.

Then he responded.

"I think you are too aware of how beautiful and smart you are, and the rewards that come to a woman like you. I decided I could deny you one thing - my attention."

He paused, then continued...
"Now that you have done the brave thing, will you like to have dinner with me?"

Hei god!!! I couldn't believe how fast my heart was beating. 

Of course, I said yes.
.
.

Date night, we went out with two of his colleagues - his close work friend, and a lady who also had become my friend while I was working from their office.

At the group date, there were obvious flirty gestures...

He held my hand, escorted me to the washroom - waiting on the corridor so we could walk back, and we stared long and hard into each other's eyes all night.

We were the last to leave at the group date. When he dropped me at my apartment, we kissed. 
.
.

Two days later, checking up on our status, he told me his colleagues/friends asked him if there was something going on. 

Nothing was going on. 

We've gone out many times since then (alone, without colleagues), and we've kissed many more times, deliciously so.
.

I moved back to my own office, but we are still in touch, chilling after work... and he sending many messages of affection on WhatsApp. 
.
.

However, a week after our first date (group date with colleagues)...

His close friend/colleague came to my office to, well, ask me out on a date.

I smiled. Nodded. Gave him my number.

It was a Friday, he was going to call after work... But plans came up with the hot dude.

After 10 missed calls from him that I didn't pick, I sent a text message to apologise for the lack of zeal to go on a date with him.

He replied my message, proposing Saturday for  dinner. 

I left it hanging, unanswered. 

I told hot dude about it. He said...

"You can't blame him, can you? We all have to keep trying to get what we want."

Then conceitedly, he added...

"Some of us just wait until she recognises we are the sh!t."

I slapped his lips with a kiss.
.
.

PS: In other circumstances, I'll go with the second dude. 

We all spend time together gisting et al...

I see the way he looks at me. The way he sighs... even though he can't put a hand on what is going on between me and his colleague, he wishes he's the one holding my hand. 

His wishes and needs are there in his eyes. And they are beautiful. 

He's the type to do just about anything to make me happy.

But I'm choosing other needs this time... 

Things I have neglected for so long.