# Rant1523



March 1, 2019

Yesterday, my date took me to an exquisite restaurant in Victoria Island.

It didn't take long for us to figure out that it is owned by Lebanese.

They opened October last year. Massive space. Lovely interior. Beautiful details.

Lebanese own everything in Lagos. They grow their wealth. They thrive. They work hard. They put their head in the business. They employ you and your siblings.

And they never get carried away with the status.

What are WE doing?

Everytime I go to these restaurants, I go back home after a lovely meal (and even lovelier company)... and I cry.

We are useless. And that is putting it mildly.

We are useless people.
.

I shared this on my radio show yesterday...

A friend of mine is travelling to South Africa with her immediate boss for a conference. 

She is Nigerian. Her boss is Swedish.

She cannot go to South Africa without a visa.

But he can go to South Africa without a visa.

The African cannot travel around Africa.

But the European - a person of a different race and continent - can travel around Africa with no visa, no qualms.

What are we really doing?
.

The ultimate desire for the Lebanese is to build businesses in Africa because they can see clearly that we are more interested in consuming than creating. It's a profitable idea for them to come here and build what we have refused to do.

The ultimate desire for the Nigerian is to buy and consume what every other nation and race is building. 

Buy. Buy. Show off. 

And the tiring part of all of this is: we never get tired of showing off. Ever. 

Lebanese and Indians are taking over your country.

Have we no shame?

Does this not bother you?

We have chruches. We are praying. We are always praying. Always on our knees.

Beggars.

If you are not one of the praying Nigerians, then you are a "woke" Nigerian living the woke life of pepperdem squad off and online.

Are you not tired?

We know you have everything. But do you have sense?

Are you not tired of having everything yet with ties to a country so disgraceful?

Nobody seems to have any sense.

Ask the Nigerian, what is the way forward?

The answer: We are planning to move our families abroad for a better life.

A better life.

And you say these things with your chest. 

This bad dream... this broken dream called Nigeria will never go away. 

Everywhere you go, you'll be reminded by even the smallest detail of your surroundings that you left a pile of dirt in your country. 

Wherever you go, trying to live a regular life away from Nigeria's trashbin, the stench will follow you.