# Rant1857


October 22, 2019

In The Fixer (I prefer to call it ‘The Fixer’, ‘Scandal’ is just cheesy)…

President Fitz gave the Vice President seat to one lady – a newly elected politician in one of the states.

She said, “Why? I do not want to be Vice President.”

He was surprised and said, “If anything were to happen to me, you will become President.”

And she said, “That’s the thing, I don’t want to be President. I bet you don’t do very much. I would rather be out there in the field getting things done.”

She went on to list all the things she could be part of out there in the big world.

And he smiled.
.

See, I have always said this…

You need to respect what other people want.

This idea that your life is the cream and everybody is aspiring to be you is so false, so narrow-minded, so ridiculous.

Nobody wants to be YOU.

We want bits and pieces of a lot of people. But we do not want to be one person.

For instance, there’s no kind of marriage – no matter how happy it is - that I aspire to. Marriages do absolutely nothing for me.

Marriage that is a partnership looks like eternal slavery to me. How and when can I get out of it? No, I don't want it!

Marriages defined by money is the worst kind of prison.

I won’t even encourage my children to aspire to something like that. It looks like too much of a burden, too much of a performance.

But there are people who like stuff like that.

I can only share my truth, but I would never imagine that my truth is superior to yours.

Unless you are a stupid. Superiority is something that is so flawed it shows how very little we understand how the world works.

We all don’t want the same things. We don’t.

If your ambition is to make people desire your life… if you are here for clout and validation…

I really feel sorry for you.

The only thing worth aspiring to is Freedom.

And YOU get to choose what Freedom means to you.

I have chosen mine, and I would never tell you to choose my path.

The only people I will try to convince to be single and free and fly and not seek any kind of validation from anybody, would be my kids.

Still, I would want them to know they are FREE not to choose this path if they don't want to. 
.

I have found happiness on this side of freedom.

You may try to live my life and be terribly unhappy. Because this life is not for you.

It is handcrafted for me.
.
.

What people hate is not your wealth or success…

What they hate is the idea that you breed that suggests you are better than them.

You are not.

By jove! You are not. 

Money heals very few wounds. Some things run deeper than a million dollars can get to.

You have one job in this world - know thyself. 

You will have to look yourself in the mirror and admit to yourself who you really are.

And leave others to do so for themselves.
.
.

No, she doesn’t want to be Vice President.

No, he doesn’t want to be on Forbes list.

No, he doesn’t want a billion dollars.

No, she doesn’t want to be married.

No, he doesn’t want kids.

No, he doesn’t want to own a business.

No. No. No.

If you understand this, you will leave a saner life.

Respect other people's choices genuinely.