# Rant1866


October 29, 2019

Clout Chasing #02

I had a paternal uncle who was popular in the neighbourhood.

He bought beer freely for all friends and friends-of-friends, but he was never keen on buying anything at home for his family, not even a bottle of palm oil. 

That was clout-chasing in the 90s.

In modern day, clout-chasing demands that you doll up your family, because the assessment of who you are will be measured by the slay of your family - at least the ones you care about.

Away from family, the next set of individuals you should care for should be those who work for you - they should come even before your friends.

They are the ones who should enjoy the rewards of your success, because in many ways, they are instrumental to your securing of the bag (money).

But a true clout-chaser ignores his/her workers and rewards strangers online instead with the sweat of his/her workers.
.

Easy examples:

Clout chaser: Gives N100k every week to random as fvck strangers online. Yet clout chaser is owing salaries in the office.

It is not only clout-chasing, it is wicked, and could also pass as civil crime. 

A clout chaser will take his/her top management staff to Bar beach for the weekend, then sponsor an entire summer to Miami with strangers online.

Why do clout-chasers invest in strangers? It is not social capital. No.

It is a deliberate attempt to document a side of him/herself that he/she doesn't actually possess but is necessary for people to believe he/she does.

The worst and most hilarious part of clout-chasing is the constant flagellation of self that the chaser undergoes daily to deny to him/herself that he/she is indeed a douchebag.

Clout-chasing is a lifestyle choice and very addictive.

In worse cases, clout-chasing is a degenerative disease. There's no cure for it.