# Rant 1818

September 25, 2019

A few people have been going on and on about a former employee, so I was very curious to meet this person. 

Actually, I wasn't curious. I just pretended to be so I could match their energy. 

I finally met the person. We spent an hour talking. 

I just shook my head afterwards...

This Accra pipu sef!

This is a sample of the regular woke niggaas all over Lekki nah! Nothing special. 

You know, packaging and shii - beard gang, unbearable vanity, nice smell, nice clothes, and a crisp accent that carries vowels properly, and some intelligence. 

You've seen one, you've seen all. Nothing unique.

So what is making all of them trip? 😂

We had good conversation for one hour, but I wouldn't care if I never see him again. 

Men of that level of gloss are forgettable. 
.
.

Something similar happened at one place I worked in Lagos. 

My boss went on and on about one worker. 

We literally waited for this girl's flight before we could have a meeting!

Let me say that again...

I (and other employees) had to wait for one worker to land before we could proceed with creative ideas for a product.

Whew!

So I waited to see this person.

She finally came.

Sigh! 😭😭😭

If anyone was more average and uninspiring than that lady, the person would have to be wet paint on a wall.

I swear!

She wasn't just bland, she also turned out to be a thief (as was later discovered).

I was made to wait for a thief. 

Every time I share this story, I want to go back and demand the hours I was made to wait for that girl. 

Cringeworthy.