# Rant1680



June 28, 3019

I feel sorry for anyone who feels the need to defend Bobrisky at any point...

Whether trying to defend the appropriate pronoun for his slay career or whatever.

You'll be defending a moron half the time - appropriate pronouns regardless. 

Bobrisky endorses yahoo-yahooism. 

Bobrisky, for lack of a sound mind, is always lurking around the crannies of poor judgment.

But all of that means very little to the uber-woke society who needs us to focus on appropriate pronouns, and all the tantrums that come with it.

I am not going to waste my energy defending someone to wear lipstick and wig when I know this person has no true moral nobility or intellectual integrity to stand for anything that does not put food on his/her table.

By all means wear a wig, wear a dress. Whether man or woman anyone in a dress faces discrimination and harrassment.

Bobrisky will shame you and your support... give it a few days and a trending topic. 

His IQ will make you realise, whether as a man or woman, he is a dunce.
He has sentenced many people to harsh judgements just as similar as he receives. 

He is at present making a case for Fatoyinbo. 

And people, as usual, are shocked. Like they expect anything better from him.

I will defend his right to be alive and be who he wants to be. But I ain't sticking my neck out for anything else on his behalf.

A dunce. 

I hope his new acquired pronoun comes with a vagina

A vagina sentences you to a different kind of reality. A different kind of judgement. 

For anyone who cannot understand that a rapist is capable of loving and showing kindness to those he has no intent to destroy, that person is a goat.

Which makes Bobrisky - not a woman or a man but - a goat.