# Rant1789


September 4, 2019

The first time I saw my ghanaian nigga, my heart skipped.

Tall and fit. A perfect body. A fine face.

A beautiful man.

I don't see too many men look that good in a shirt...

And when he rolls up his sleeves... my God!!! Those arms!!!

I die, fam!

I die!
.

So I started conversation with him, and we jumped right into something like a relationship.

Sex is probably the best I've had.

He understands my body.
.

Three weeks ago, I asked for a break so I could finish a pile of scripts. 

He was upset by the decision, but we kept WhatsApp open for chat.
.

Yesterday, I decided he could pay a visit.

Nigga came with extra clothes in a suitcase to sleep over 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

When he walked in...

I looked at him...

I squinted...

I couldn't understand why I was with him.

Why am I with him again?

Oh! He's hot. By jove, he's hot.

And the sex is good.

I was trying to unravel my senses. As if I lost part of my memory. 

I know it is unfair for someone like me to judge a relationship based on interests and art...

Because these niggaas don't have the mental range to explore anywhere near how my mind works and what I like or what drives me.

I don't even like men!

But this is the gender my sexual desires respond to. 

It's a great curse, I tell you.
.

But I deviate...

I was trying to understand why we are even dating?

He doesn't understand art. Our conversation is thinning out.

I see him struggle to make me laugh.

But I'm a Trevor Noah kinda girl - I don't laugh at your jokes, I laugh at your wit.

He is struggling to keep the relationship from burning to ashes.

I'm thinking he should let it burn.

Let's get warm by the heat it brings...

Then we can throw our cremation in the wind. 

And kiss goodbye.
.

We slept backing each other.

He dropped me off at work, and asked to see me later.

I wouldn't even let a kiss happen.

PS: Nigga will be fine. He's hot as fvck with a cool job.

PSS: It could be the situation on xenophobia messing with my head. 
.
.
.

At the office, we got 5 new brands.

I am excited. 

A lot of work gets me very excited. 

With the way I am wired, I can come up with all the creatives in 24 hours. 

But I'll try and be modest. 

Let others catch up.
.
.

I am searching for something. 

I don't know what it is.