# Rant1519


February 22, 2019

I got this inbox message from a follower:

"Hello, Joy. I started in a new office and I'm trying to make sure I get along with the team and fit into the informal rules. This is because I had a tough time in my former place of work. Some of my colleagues said I wasn't easy to work with. I thought they weren't committed to their jobs, but they interpreted my own committed as a show-off and made my life miserable. I'm tired, I don't want to save the world, I just want a job with peace and no drama. Please how do you think I should approach this new job?"
.

I told her I'll put the post up and give my advice for everyone else to see, perhaps someone else needs this.

My response:

Don't bend. Period. All the years of my career, everyone said I was too tough, too unrealistic with intended goals for my team, too pushy etc.

So at my last pay job, I decided to tone it really down. And I mean, really down. 

Yet, my colleagues didn't treat me right.

They fought me over toilet key. Ganged up, actually. 

They fought me over car space. Complained endlessly about nothing. 

One time, I slept outside the company apartment I was supposed to be living in with another colleague. 

Let me say that again: I slept in my car inside the compound. No key to get into the house.

And I believe it all happened because I toned down alot. I wanted to just fit in, even that didn't work. 

I am not naturally a "nice" person. So it took a lot for me to accept bad treatment, yet I sucked it in. Because I wanted to change the narrative of being a tough colleague to work with.

Never again.

I am pushy. I want things to happen. I am ambitious. I am fast-thinking. I don't grumble about problems, I seek only solutions. 

If that makes people uncomfortable, then I'm sorry. I will not be doing anything about it.

BUT there's one thing I do well...

I IGNORE completely. 

So you do not have to live with who I am if you don't like who I am.

I don't force myself on people.

I am an acquired f*cking taste.

If you like what I stand for, then go out of your way to find me.

It has to be deliberate. 

Else you'd be shocked at everything I do.
.

So no, don't try to fit in. You are not going to be happy, still. 

Do your job. Stay committed and let your colleagues deal with their issues.

Cheers.