# Rant1415


January 4, 2019

I know this woman.

Not her. Women like her.

These are the women who have very strong opinions against "independent women".

They hate that you are not as helpless as they are.

They hate that you got away from the rules of patriarchy. The audacity of you! 

You stand as King on top of what holds them down.

Ah! The nerve of you, independent lot!

They are confused by your life. That you can find happiness away from dogma. That you choose YOU over everything else.

Women are n.o.t created to love themselves more nah! We are born to nurture, to s.l.a.v.e for everyone, and find happiness in our sacrifices.

How. Dare. You. Woman!

They h.a.t.e that what they cherish the most - a man, is what YOU - woman with new knowledge - can do without.

They h.a.t.e you. And wherever they find you, they will h.u.r.t you. So they bring their knives out on social media to cut you. But what they are really cutting is their shame, their fear, their cowardice. 

They hate their pain. They hate their suffering. 

But they can't do nothing about it.

They can't confront their men. Then can't h.a.t.e their children enough. 

So they turn to You - you, new woman... because you look like everything they wish they could be, and they pour that angst on you... because they can never be you. Not even if they tried. Not even if they had a million dollars.

They are waiting at e-corners for your name to come up.

It is their greatest pleasure to cut through you. Hoping they can get your attention. 

Laugh. And drink some wine, new woman.

They will go home and cook for their a.b.u.s.e.rs.

And they wonder...

How did Joy do it? How did she get away from this life that has be assigned for all women? 

How is she happy? How is she whole? 

No! She can't be happy! She must be miserable.

Because they have assigned themselves Chief Wall Gecko on your wall, they know you are miserable. 

They convince themselves that you are miserable. It is the only way they can deal with your chutzpah. 

"I h.a.t.e her," they say. "I h.a.t.e her because she reminds me of everything I could be if only I could BE."

Tsk tsk.
.

This is the type of woman who hates you:

L.o.n.e.l.y single mothers. Br.ok.e divorced women. Terribly un.ha.ppy married women. U.g.l.y women.

And this is why you should NEVER respond when they bark from across the fence.

They are sad people.

They want what you have.

They want your magic.

When you see them tagging themselves upandan on social media, judging every woman who lives a different life... this is who they are.

They don't know your magic.

They detest your power. 
.

Moisturise your skin, new woman. And smile. 

You have won in this Life already.

If you are not with a man who drags you to hades and back for the heck of it. For the heck of power. And for the joy of watching you grovel in the mud like a p.i.g...

You have won.

Celebrate tonight, new woman!

You won!