# Rant1544


March 15, 2019

Sometimes, it is not your skill that earns you money…

It is your skill’s skill.

I’ll explain:

You may be a baker, but business might be slow because there are tons of bakers in your community.

What you need to do to survive might be organising baking classes for young and old people in your community.

You are not a teacher, but teaching baking might save you for a season.

That’s your skill's skill.

.

So everyone and their cousins are photographers, right?

And with smart phones and filter apps, we can take way nicer pictures than many photographers.

What do you do if you are a photographer?

Ever thought of humanizing photography? Tell stories via pictures? Hit the streets and cover the Nigerian dream?

Ever thought of owning a book with great inspiring pictures? Telling the African story? The Ajegunle story? The Black Woman’s story? The NYSC story? 

You are not an author, but being an author becomes a skill’s skill.

.

I have a student presently in my 'Storytelling for Entrepreneurs' class.

She runs a digital sewing platform where she teaches women how to sew.

I think it is amazing.

She is a tailor, digitalizing her craft is a skill. Teaching is also a skill. All these put together enhances her primary skill of sewing.

.

If you are a writer, you can be a social media savage distributor and make zero income.

Or you could gather skills from this skill to become financially independent.

If you are a good writer, you can become a storyteller. Storytelling is a different skill from social media banter. Learn it. 

Advertising and Integrated Marketing companies are looking for storytellers. They may call you copywriter, but what you really do in 2019 is tell stories.

Nike, Dove, Gillette and Coca-Cola do not have copywriters, they have storytellers. That is one skill you can make a lot of money from as a writer.

As a writer, you can also be a scriptwriter. Scriptwriting is a skill different from Facebook posts. Learn it. Make good income from it.

Writers can develop their imagination and become creative directors. Your job is to bring forth ideas.

My lowest salary as a creative director was N400k monthly in 2015. My highest salary was N800k monthly in 2017.

As a writer, you can edit magazines and websites.

There’s so much you can do with the skill of writing.

If you are ambitious, you could even try other arms of media and its many genres.

Writers are better broadcasters. They are better speakers. Because content comes first, and good writers know all about good content.

So develop your presentation skills and be the content and the voice. 

.

So if you want to advance your ability to make more impact and make more money, your original skill might not hold too much promise.

However, your secondary skill might be where all the opportunities lie.

Get acquainted with your skill’s skill.

It’s an enjoyable process. One that can reveal many surprises and great discoveries.

Good luck 😘