# Rant1836


October 6, 2019

They are like 20 smart people on Twitter. 

All the others just wait for something to trend, then they start to have opinions along the same damn lines. 

Just so they are not judged as boring or out of touch.
.
.

For instance:

Jesse Jagz is trending after the release of MI's #TheViper.

Why?

Because hip-hop heads believe Jagz is more, well, philosophical. And artists who lean towards philosophy are usually deeper than the average johnny.

So they tweet: "Someone should diss Jesse Jagz and die".

Which obviously states that Jagz is nobody's mate in Nigerian hip hop.

Which is (somewhat) true.

BUT hip-hop heads are few and far inbetween...

So when the 20 who embody the culture of rap say this about Jagz... all the other voices are zombies just staying around the corridors of popular opinion on a trending matter.

They don't listen to rap music. They have no real interest in Jagz's philosophy. They hold no real interest in hip-hop as a culture or movement.

So 100,000 peeps saying this at the moment do not really believe what they are saying or hold any real conviction on Jagz's prowess. They probably have heard just four of his songs in their entire lives. 

However it is very important they are not found EVER to be un-woke.

So they echo the opinion that helps them stay on the table and be regarded as people with smart opinions on a matter.

No education takes place, it's just herd mentality. 

Find a trending topic. See where the wave is blowing. Jump in and reiterate what everyone has said. 
.
.

I have scrolled through tweets where someone would say:

"Who is this Tacha? I'm living under a rock."

And the next 30 minutes, this moron would have an epistle shaming and bashing someone s/he didn't know 30 minutes ago!

I mean... what the actual fvck?!

It's herd mentality. No real thinking went into his/her opinion. 
.

Personally, I don't know who Tacha is because I didn't watch #BBNaija. I said I wouldn't, in solidarity with Timehin Adegbeye who said the voice of Big Brother sexually harassed her.

#BBNaija is on Showmax.

I am always on Showmax. I have never clicked it. I won't. 

I believe the universe will find a way to reward my small integrity 🤷🏽‍♀️

I am paying forward because I have daughters, and I would hate for them to be ignored if they ever cry out. 

It's a small price. 

The information on Tacha that I know was gleaned from simply scrolling down my damn phone, because that's all Nigerians' talk about.

But I deviate...

What was I saying sef?

*scrolls back up*

Oh ok! I think I made all my points.

😊