# Rant1505


February 16, 2019


You know...

All through my childhood, I lived in a Nigeria ruled by the military.

I grew up believing leadership wore money green uniform and a beret and a stern look, without any desire to seek validation or support from the public.

And as scary as that may seem...

I cannot remember anytime Nigeria was as messed up as it is now.

As a child, growing up with soldiers rotating power, I cannot remember clearly anytime I felt unsafe.

We listened to takeovers on the radio whilst eating rice (at least me, as the child).

I never felt unsafe. Never felt the country was disintegrating. 

And I remember times I chatted with my siblings as a child, we would say things like...

"This one is misbehaving. They will soon collect Nigeria from his hand."

Refering to any soldier in power.

It didn't happen very often. But when it did, the next day life would continue as it should.

Now, my memory of childhood and military rule could mean two things:

It could be that my parents were good at protecting me from fear OR Nigeria was better under certain circumstances. 

I do not think I felt any anxiety longer than a few days in my childhood about this country.

Things were orderly. 

Maybe not. Maybe I am, at the moment, putting a halo on a past that wasn't so glorious because of how despicable and disgraceful the present is.

170 million people made of some of the most basic people in the world have to decide who leads a country. 

How does democracy make sense in the hands of a largely uneducated lot?

How, for godssake?!

Sheep are led, not enfranchised.

Not everything the world embraces looks good on third world African countries.

We are not sophisticated people.

We cannot tell the difference between a pig and a pearl.

We are mob lovers! We burn housemaids. We endorse domestic violence. We turn our backs on child abuse. We drink antiseptic liquid when ordered by a pastor. We believe Caesarean section takes away from the essence of motherhood. 

This is us.

We are not equipped to make decisions. 

I am so tired of whatever we are practising in this country.

It is a caricature of a good thing in the hands of uncivilised, unenlightened, hungry, greedy as f*ck citizens.

I am tired.

I want out so desperately my head hurts.