# Rant1760


August 17, 2019

Long ass rant... as the spirit leads 😊
.

This is an interesting post... because the person who sent this screenshot is my friend. He said he was about to hire this Troll for a commissioned job. Someone recommended him. But as he was doing his small research, he saw something he wrote right under a post shared from my wall!

I don't know this Troll. 

But that's not strange. I don't know anybody on Facebook. 
.

What he (my friend) found was a long ass comment about MY life.

He was uncomfortable with it, so decided he wouldn't be working with the Troll. 

"Before I hire a troll and peace departs my life," he said.
.

Guess what? This troll has never met me before.

But he claims to know someone who knows someone who knows someone who knows me. This gives him the authority to talk about me as an informed detective.

He doesn’t like me, yet he checks on my wall every day.

Don't they all?

What is he looking for? Probably his father’s corpse.

I block these people so they can rest and face their lives.

I don’t understand how you troll people you don’t like.

Your parents failed you. The shame of your trolling and obsession goes to your poor upbringing.

.
.

Now, let’s take it one by one:

Stabbing people in the back:

2006.

I worked with Adesuwa. Before then, I had written articles for Betty’s personal brand which she paid for. When Betty was recruiting, I moved to Genevieve magazine.

It was my decision. It was my career plan. Period. 

Adesuwa was upset. She was so upset she gave a front cover interview on City People of how her editor was stolen. 

How is this my business?

I moved from Airtel to MTN. Airtel then goes to The Guardian to complain.

Think of it that way, and tell me how it concerns me – the employee looking for better prospects in life.

I didn’t run away. I resigned officially. I didn’t steal money or ideas or laptop. I NEVER spoke to Betty about how TW was run. I resigned and I left.

I worked with Genevieve for a year. My marriage was like a rash I had to get rid of, and it affected everything I did, even my job. I was losing it even in the office, so I resigned, again. 

This resignation gave me a chance to face my marriage head on and do the right thing – get the fvck out of it.

So tell me where the backstabbing comes from? 🤷🏽‍♀️

PS: I've done PR and brand strategy for Aunty Betty even after I resigned, years later.
She wanted me to handle her latest book, but I was busy at the time. 
.

Fast forward to 2015, I think.

Adesuwa had lost her editor. Editor moved to corporate employment.

Now listen, carefully:

I went to meet Adesuwa in her office (after I sent a text message to book a meeting). When I got there I told her that I am aware she has lost her editor, and I know how tough that must be (because I know magazine work wella)...

I said to her: “Let me edit your magazine for a few months until you find another editor. I will do it for FREE.”

That was what I said to her.

See, I owe this woman nothing. Absolutely  nothing. Yet I was willing to step in when I imagined she needed help. I was willing to do it for free. 

This was after I resigned 8 years ago.

But she obviously hadn’t gotten over the “hurt”, so she was unsure what to do. When I noticed her hesitation, I let her be.

.
.

Your MCMs and WCWs are stealing, pushing drugs, betraying trusts… yet you obsess over my small life.

You will die.

Tell me, where is the crime in this little story I just shared?

.

TVC show:

This niggaa talks about a TVC feminism talk show.

TVC has shown that talk show over a hundred times. You can also find it on YouTube.

Many have watched it many times.

Now, tell me – between me and the “non-feminist” woman, who was acting like a cheap thug?

.
Relationships:

Then he mentions my relationships as he has imagined them to be.

This one makes me laugh 😂

Dear men-who-cannot-have-me, I am not your raggedy mother at home with bad skin, aging beyond her years. She needs your validation, I don’t.

Stop obsessing over me.

I am a beautiful 42 year old woman. Have you touched my skin? Have you seen my morning face without makeup? Have you heard my voice on the phone? Have you heard me share my opinion on anything?

I am the woman who can have any man she wants – from 25 to 65 year old niggaas.

And they will take care of me, not the other way round.

I am the baby girl, not the sugar mummy.

Does that upset you? Am I messing with the order of things? Ehn?

Y'all need me to conform so badly. 

Patriarchy is angry at this, and so are you – because you are Patriarchy’s bastard son.

Of course I screw young men. You should see my Ghanaian lover!

By jove! He is so hot I don’t know what to do with this kind of hotness.

But the man I talk about the most – The Boyfriend, is not even a younger man.

But carry on, it is always so delicious when a woman is so baldy painted as flawed.

I LOVE being flawed.

Yet none of this niggaa's attempt to “flaw” me makes sense.
.
.

Twice, married women have asked me out… and twice, I have told their husbands.

Because while these women are trying to heal their egos from being rejected… when they do get the chance to share their story, they may turn it around and say it is Joy that tried to woo them. 

And the world will believe them over me. Why?

Because I am an unconventional woman. A rebel.

I have said it over and over that I am not bi-sexual, but they will not rest.

.

You people want deep dark secrets. Aww. I pity you. 
If I have deep and dark secrets to share, I will share it myself. You cannot shame me.

I have lived as an experiment for over 5 years – if you shun the BS that is culture/religion/society, what will become of you as a woman?

I am the verdict, niggaas. I am the judgment of that experiment.

This life that I have, that is the verdict of my rebellion.

My life is beautiful. 

It makes you and your faded boxers mad.

.

Focus on your sisters doing crocophila in Dubai to get some dirhams. 
Focus on girls heading to Libya for the ultimate dream of Italian sex.

Focus on your mother and why she is aging so poorly.

Focus on YOU.

Niggaa, do you want to date the men I have dated? Are you gay? Don’t be shy. Society will accept you. 
Do you want the gifts they buy me? Do you want my wigs? Do you want my chutzpah? Or are you just wanking over my audacities?

‘Cos I don’t understand the obsession.
.

Ask yourself: what makes Joy’s life so beautiful that it makes you so mad?

Bake a cake or something, and die.

Or is it the 53,000+ followers you want me to give it back?

Lmaooo!

I was on my own and y'all made me popular - from baking cake to Hallelujah Challenge.

Should I talk about how that Osuchukwu dude is trying to send me DMs on Instagram? Or how madam baker unblocked me and gave me the chance to block her and throw the keys to hades?

Or should I talk about the niggaa bragging that he blocked me for life on someone's post only for him to send praise and worship to my messenger?

What about nigga that I employed - from Happenings to Writers Inc... and what they say when they think they have the advantage of proximity. One day, that one will explode with I-worked-with-Joy-I-have-gist.

*yawn*
.

And while we are at it…

I have NEVER blackmailed any man.

This nigga claims to be a writer. It is always the jobless writers.

Maybe he wants a bit of my scriptwriting money.

Tsk tsk.

You will never make it in this life. I just thought to remind you. 

You fvck with me, that's the end. You will hustle till you die.

Now, you are under my little curse with the rest of 'em haters.

So cute.
.

TTYL, y’all. I've got scripts to write.

😘