# Rant1504


February 15, 2019

It was a great week!

Nzuri got so much love and patronage. 

*Shout out to my Nzuri lovers!!! You know what's good for your skin! *muaaaah!

We had more male patronage for Nzuri this week. No surprises there! Valentine's Day, baby! 😍

Thank you! I'm sure your women loved their packages.

Call us back and order yours too.

You deserve skin free of toxin 😊
.
.

My upcoming book has sold 50 copies. 

Thanks y'all!

I will autrograph 100 copies for the first 100 buyers!

Be one of the 100. 

It's funny, it's cheeky, loaded with sarcasm, and a dose of raw truth. You'll love it!

It will be out in a fortnight. Yay!

Call/text/WhatsApp to place your order: 09024457020
.
.

ISLAND WEEKLY is starting strong. 

I said I wasn't going to print if I don't get Ads upfront. 

Well, I did get Ads before our first print.

As we circulate around the Island next week, we shall have the e-copy on our Instagram page.

Follow us on IG so you don't miss it while it's hot: @islandweekly

Feel free to send an email requesting for Ad rates: islandweeklyng@gmail.com 
.
.

I'll be holding my first class on Single Parenting on WhatsApp next week. Super excited!

I'll be telling my entire story. It will instruct, entertain, free you of fear, and empower you!

You can register for the class. 

Call/text/WhatsApp: 09024457020
.
.

Whew!

I feel like a vacation, but I wouldn't dare 😭😭

Thank you all!

Go out and vote tomorrow - something like that.

*blows kisses*

#theaccidentalentrepreneur