# Rant1741


August 8, 2019

My nigga says on the phone...

"This love is trash."

"Sorry?"

"This love is trash."

"Oh?"

"Yes. You are a beautiful woman, and you know who you are. I suspect you will always have men wanting to make you happy."

"Is that what makes our love trash?"

"Trash. Yes. Because I can't compete with every man out there. I don't want to be jealous of the attention you get."

"Pray tell, how does this make this love trash? Besides you are hot too!"

"I want to trash you to do right by us. Love should always be about trash."

"Oh! Wait. You mean TRUST?"

"Yes. Trash. What did you think I was saying?"

"Dude, I heard Trash."

"I said Trast."

"I thought you were calling our love TRASH - you know, dustbin."

"What??? Why would I say that?!"

"But you kept saying Trash."

"Good lord! No! I said TRAST."

"What the fvck is Trast? It's pronounced Trust!"

"Nigerians cannot pronounce English words."

"Oh?"

"Yes! It's Tr^st (Trust). It's d^kta (doctor). It's k^t (cut). It's..."

"Are we really going to argue about the language we inherited from colonialism?"

"Why do you people pronounce words with all your mouth?"

"But you love kissing this Nigerian mouth. Yet you don't like how we pronounce words, abi?"

"It's W^rds."

"Niggaa! What da fuck..."

"F^k"

"Fuck."

"F^k."

"Ok. You are not getting any."

"I'm sorry."

"Say fuck."

"F^k."

"That's not it. Use your full mouth. Shebi you love a Nigerian woman?"

"Shebi. Abi. Na wa. Yes oo. Toh. Ajeb^tter. See, I know some Nigerian slang."

"Ajebutter."

"Ajeb^tter."

"BUTTER."

:B^TTER."

"You are not ready."

"Ok. Ok. BUUUTTER."

"Good"

"B^t, it is really B^TTER, not BUTTER."

"You are still arguing?"

"Sorry. I l^v you."

"Love!"

"Ugh!"

不不不不不