# Rant1761


August 17, 2019

When I met my elder brother last month in Lagos...

One of the things he talked about was "finding and building friendships".

I told him I did not need friends. I don't even have the time.

For instance, as much as I love Emilia, we haven't been able to create time to hang out as much as we would love to. She has a young nuclear family, and I've got art to attend to.
.

But my brother insists I need to have friends.

I said I have friends on Facebook. He says friends I can meet offline.

I don't see the point, really.

I'm going to be hanging out with women who think nothing like me. And that's the majority of women. It's torture.

And as much as I try to convince him that Facebook, Netflix and Amarula is all the social life I want, he doesn't agree it is all I should have.
.
.

So I got this inbox message from a lady...

She's Nigerian, and has lived in Ghana for 10 years. She's into real estate...

And she wants us to hang out. She wants to show me around. Start a frienship.

As tempting as that is, I'm thinking of the demerits.

This obsession for people to want to demystify you by offering friendship is something I don't tolerate.

I don't understand it.

And the silly comparison and foolish competition...

Remember that nuisance I met for the first time when I was trying to relocate to Accra and was telling me shit about being better than her friends? 

I don't need that shit.

I don't care. People don't understand how much of their success I don't care about.

I am a rebellious woman. So it is shocking to me that I am on this level, doing well. I challenge everything. I make people uncomfortable because I force them to think. 

Yet the cosmic blesses me endlessly.

I don't know, mehn...

Give me Netflix. Give me internet. Give me a blank space to write my rants. Let me hear the alert of yet another script paid or salary paid. Give me Amarula on the rocks...

And I am good.
.

BUT... I am 42, and it would be great to have a girlfriend on a level of equal comfort that allows us to do just about anything together, visit any bar and crash in a 5-star hotel after a fun night of gisting and flirting with men, and wake up to morning buffet and read books near the pool afterwards, in Accra.

I really want to meet this lady. 

But I swear if I see the insecurity in her eyes...

I will turn and walk out the door.

Then she'll come and block me on Facebook.

A new enemy will be made - for absolutely no reason.
.

It's tiring.