# Rant1777



August26, 2019

I don't know how to mourn you.

I lost you a long time ago.

So when your daughter - my half sister - called yesterday to say you were gone, I sighed.

You've been gone. And I always wondered wherever you were if they were kind to you.

They are your brothers and sisters. 

No matter how much they tried to come near me. I moved back.

Family, to me, isn't just a word. Family is kindness.

They are very unkind people, but you loved them still.

I'm sorry, I am not as benevolent as you.

They will forever be strangers to me.

I do not associate with people who thrive on schadenfreude.
.
.

I told your grandkids last night of your passing. They hugged me. They can't feel anything because they don't know you. They were too little to remember. Tonight, I shall tell them all about you. 

When I called my mother, that was when I cried. You were a big part of our lives for years.

We are a family who have mastered the art of moving on.

She moved on from you. You moved on from her. I moved on from you. I moved on from her.

My strength is the gift of two very strong and independent parents.
.
.

I live in Accra now. 

I love it here.

I like the idea of my job. I'm not too excited about the energy level. But it's all good.

I don't know where next I'll be, but I'm not going back to Lagos.
.
.

You would have loved The Boyfriend. Sad you didn't meet him.

You would have been intrigued by the way I choose to love him. I think you would have been proud, actually.
.

Before him, I dated this horrible person whom I thought had sense.

He bulldozed his way into my life. Loved me like he was running out of breath. He gave bad cunnilingus. Worshipped me. Broke up with me ten times. Came back twenty times. Wouldn't let me go. Lied a whole lot. Ran back to me every weekday and twice on weekends. Wanted to take me to Europe. Then Dubai. Then he crawled back into the darkness from whence he came.

Whew!

A trainwreck!

I discovered a while back, through a third-party, that he was all the while shaming me on another woman's page!

A woman he claimed they shared no "love" or intimacy.

And I was like WTF!

Can you believe that?! 😂😂😂

I can laugh about it now because his vile behaviour led me to my best love story with another man.
.
.

But I'm nobody's wife. I make my own rules. I play my own tune. I dance to my own beat.

I am living the life that makes me very happy.
.
.

I am relieved I didn't see you sick.

I have an image of you - an enigma. It remains evergreen.

I choose to keep it that way.

Now you can rest from all the drudgery in the world. Aren't you lucky?

87 exceptional years! Bravo!
.

I'm giving you the best of me - my writing.
.

Bye, daddy.

Bye 💖