# Rant1407



January 1, 2019

My New Year Rant.
.

When we were creating the courses for TAAC, the women in my team wanted a course on Sexual Capital.

I usually yap about it alot in the office, and they are intrigued by it.

But I had to take it off our course list because Nigerians are not ready. They love their hypocrisies.

I took that course out and replaced it with something generic. 

In more enlightened societies, there's absolutely nothing wrong in teaching that subject.

Because there is something called Sexual Capital. And it is valid. And it is just as important as any other unorthodox teaching one should receive in a rapidly progressive world.

Kaylah is throwing jabs and subs at Toke Makinwa, but what she fails to comprehend is that Toke's brand is built on Sexual Capital. 

And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.

Sexual Capital doesn't mean you are dumb. It is far from that. Women who make progress through Sexual Capital are very very very smart.

This is not prostitution. 

I mean, it's only an idiot that will equate Sexual Capital to prostitution.

It is only a fool that will think Toke's brand is built on sleeping with men.

YOU, and your self-righteousness bullshit, may even be having more fornication than her. Toh.

Her brand is built on soft power.

And trust me, you do not want to mess with a woman who is AWARE of her soft power.

Many women are upset, jealous, angry with that one woman who knows her right to Sexual Capital and can use her soft power... because the rest of the masses have no idea how it works.

Sexual Capital is not Sex.

It banks on ATTRACTIVENESS not Sex.

Attraction to a woman's body or BRAINS.

That is Sexual Capital.

This is why people fail miserably in life. Their one-track mind will not allow them process knowledge properly.

Toke, for instance, has invested in a lighter skin, a bigger butt, load of expensive wigs, an impressive wardrobe... because she cares about her Sexual Capital.

There are women who come naturally with these features and yet have no idea what to do with them. The moment you tell them about Sexual Capital, the first thing they think about is Sex.

You need to be smart. There's no honour in being perpetually intellectually pedestrian. Take time to refine your thinking.

Kim Kardashian is soft power.

Kim is valid.

The problem is we want to define women's success in only one way - the way Oprah succeeded.

Well, sorry. That is stupid. Oprah is one woman. Her method is one way to succeed. There are one million other LEGAL ways to success and sexual capital has its place. Rightly so.

This joy that we get in trolling women who invest in their power of attractiveness to get what they want is so 2001.

You are still stuck at the edge of a new millennium, thinking like the goat that almost didn't make it through.

Sexual Capital doesn't require just your looks. It also requires your brain.

Sexual Capital may seem patriarchal, but men also benefit from it! (That's another topic entirely for another day)

It's for anyone who knows how to position their best features. And your best feature can be your brain. Dress it nicely.

It's like chess.

The simpletons of this world will clamour in one corner claiming to be breaking tables.

You are wasting your life talking about someone who knows what she is about.

You'd be a donkey not to see how well Toke has excelled through proper investment in her soft power. She is not my pot of beans, but I have come to respect her.

And the irony of this is, if we need to open her brain and the brain of any of these other women who claim to...err..."work hard and not sell their bodies yada yada"... you may discover that Toke's acumen is better than their trifling pieces of one-dimensional thinking.

It's all jealousy. As cliché as that may sound... you are a jealous person if you cannot stop yapping against a woman who is clearly not a prostitute, who knows how to apply her brains, physical features into her brand/business packaging.

If you are tall, what the world thinks about is modelling or basketball.

That's a feature you had no control over, yet the world expects you to do something with it in acquiring other forms of capital.

Why be so tall and end up as a clerk? You can do more, especially if you have a brain that compliments your physical features. 

So this idea of shaming women who use soft power is silly.

Everyone is claiming hard power and how they are making it all on their own without any man in the picture. 

Yea. Roiiiiiight.

People believe their own method to work is better than the next woman... because in some ways you are early to work and you do your job.

Guess what? Women like Toke are early to work too and they DO THEIR JOBS!

They just have more going for them than you do.

If you haven't signed up to stupidity, you'd appreciate how she works just as hard as you and still has enough time to build social value based on attractiveness and how she acquires other forms of capital from it.

And the beauty of Sexual Capital is that it doesn't come in only one package. Because beauty for everyone is different.

So whatever you look like, be the best version of it.

You don't have to look like Toke. 

Lord knows I have no interest in looking like her. But I believe in Sexual Capital. And I know only smart women know what to do with it. The rest of the crowd will go to joromi's page to be complaining about some d.e.a.d.a.s.s b.r.o.k.e man and how he cheated on them... yet have the nerve to have an opinion on someone like Toke!

*mscheeew!

In your own capacity, build your sexual capital and stop yapping shit. Go and invest in a good body lotion. Stop hating with your vaseline skin.

There's nothing wrong with Vaseline, but if you stand against sexual capital, you give yourself away as someone lacking in common sense.

This is such a simple matter:

Do You.

Leave other women to build all the assets they can with what they are naturally gifted with or what they are able to attain surgically.

Sometimes, your gift might be something as simple as how you sound.

There's no talk about vagina in this rant because SEXUAL CAPITAL IS NOT ABOUT SEX.

Stop talking like a maid stuck in the 18th century.