# Rant1749


August 13, 2019

Fun facts about my Work.

I am the only female in an office of more than 25 men. I am very comfortable with that. 

They call me first lady when we are in a good mood. And we are all demons when we are in a bad mood.

I am top management executive. There are 5 of us in top management. Our meetings are endless, I want to pull my wig off sometimes. We frustrate one another then we go home. 
Today, all of us had a headache after a meeting🤦‍♀️

My personal office is so cute 😍

My boss believes in me a little too much.

I am the creative strategist, that means I work with all the departments when they need me. 
It is a case of: I belong to everyone and I belong to no one. Which is perfect. 
I am the central link to all the strategic work. 

I haven't said a word to half the number of folks in my office. These things happen because there's no direct work relationship. I talk to groups, not individuals. 

We work for many brands. I don't think we know how lucky we are sometimes.

I take sweets these days because I feel like hulk about to turn green. The energy level is so laidback. Sweets help calm my high-energy drive. Else, I might start to scream. 

If I was a smoker, I'd finish 10 packs of cigarette a day. 
If I was a drinker, I'd be drunk every day. 

Nonetheless, I love my job.

I love my job very much.

My office is close to my home, and my home is close to the supermarkets, and the drycleaner is just around the corner, and electricity never goes out, and there's potable water, and the hired cook makes delicious jollof rice, and my lover is close to a corner of my heart.

I mean, you have to compartmentalize these things 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

When I get home, I take off my creative strategist hat and wear my screenwriting hat...

And make just as much money as I make in the office. 

PS: There's a lesson here. Find it.

*throws sweet into mouth*