# Rant1641


May 30, 2019

The Boyfriend reminded me, when he called, that I spoke about moving to Ghana, for the first time, barely 4 weeks ago.

And in that short time, I've been able to get a job in Accra, an apartment, and a life.

Whew.

He says I'm a miracle worker 😂😂😂

Bottom line is: I. Am. Happy.

I am happier than I've ever been. 
.
.

Last year I started small businesses. I became an entrepreneur.

My products sold out every week!

Credit alerts were so frequent, it was crazy. 
.

I remember one night, out with The Boyfriend for dinner, the beep of credit alerts happened almost 20 times!

I wanted to mute the sound,, but he said...

"Nah, let it ring. That's the best music in the world." 😂😂😂

He was happy for me.

Roberta was ecstatic. 

We were expanding. Everything was great.

These small businesses were making money right before our eyes.

We were meeting our targets and paying bills and going on lunch dates as a team...

BUT I was unhappy.

I would sit on my bed every morning, staring at the roof...

At night, I cried.

Buying-and-selling... WTF!

I don't want to be a trader!

I don't even want the fancy tag - Entrepreneur. 

I don't want to be an administrative head of anything! 

I realised this was all social pressure - people talk endlessly about business owners, and I allowed these constant conversations disrupt my purpose. 

And I had to fix that, you see. I had to tell myself a truth. 

"Joy, you don't give a fvck about buying and selling in its rudimentary form of third-world living. You are not one of them."

I am a creator - of words, ideas, concepts and brands.

My imagination is a fvcking god. Why should I allow this country turn me to a trader?! Why did I let this happen?

You know, I question myself. Question my motive. 

And deep down I knew I didn't care enough for what entrepreneurship represents in Nigeria.

I am an artist. 

And that is enough to give me all I want. 
.

Lagos has long lost its appeal to me.

Nothing inspires me there. Nothing!

And no one.

Phew!
.
.

So one day, as we were driving through Lekki  bridge, I told The Boyfriend...

"I want to move to Ghana."

He chuckled. Then he saw how serious I was, and he said...

"Breathe."

The next day, I started making moves to leave.
.

Today, after a strategy meeting and formal introductions (because my boss was too excited to wait till Monday)...

I went to Shoprite to buy bric-a-brac...

And I stopped on an aisle and smiled to myself. 

"You crazy woman! You are in another country! Living in another country! You crazy crazy woman." 😂😂😂

I know how to get my shit together and live the life I want. 

I Am Happy.
.

And just to cap a great day... my boss sends me this on WhatsApp (see pix).

I am living my best life.

I hope you find yours.

Peace ✌