# Rant1546



March 16, 2019

They are obsessed with you because...

How dare you bounce back with Write Culture? 

How dare you launch other businesses?

Shit! How dare you be so happy?

How dare you?

How dare you survive all of the subs and shaming?
(I mean... people were recently showing me IG posts that happened in 2018 that I was unaware of because I never go to that page. Subbing the f*ck outta me.)

How dare you find a good man... another rich niggaa? 🤷🏽‍♀️

How dare you come from an experience of wealth and think it matters?
.

For the woman: How dare you think my partner loves you? You were just a conquest. Aaaaargh!!! Veins poking out, melted flesh all over the floor, spittle in the face of anger. 

How dare you be beautiful?

How dare you be unashamed?

How dare you have a voice.
.

Bottom line: You were supposed to be helpless the minute we pulled the rug under your feet.

How dare you have a better plan than what we envisaged for you?

How dare you rise?
.

And a little bit more...

How dare you claim this is love?

How dare you stick around after your money was paid?

How dare you be so untypical?

Then again, how dare you be typical?
.

Because it makes no sense for people to be so rich yet have time to grow a pair of personalities off my opinions.

What kind of narcissism prompts you to monitor an "old woman's" gradual process to becoming?

Isn't your youth an endless stream of succour? 

Isn't your money enough? Your youth enough? Your pepperdem enough?

You had to be psychopaths too?

I read 48 Laws of Power many years ago... then I topped it with the Bible - back to back. The lethal combination of both makes your knowledge bank a scary thing. 

I am that scary thing.
.

I will write a book and title it "2018".

After I finish writing my father's story.

All Handbooks under TAAC.

I'm raving mad this year.

These people pulled out my last sane knob.

Wait for it.

Wait for all of it.

#unburdening #unashamed