# Rant1701


July 12, 2019

When it comes to new knowledge, you cannot delegate the education of your children to anyone else.

You have to teach them new knowledge.

Tell your children about society.

This holiday... 

1. Watch Busola Dakolo's interview about Rape and Authority, then educate them on the dangers of unnecessary spiritual influence. 

2. Watch Chris Oyakhilome's video (of Husbands as masters), then tell them its all a systematic way to steal their power as women. Break that table.

3. Read Serena's latest front cover interview on Harper's Bazaar with them. Emphasize black girl power.

4. Continue to emphasize the ridiculousness of a lot of acceptable practices. Teach them to question everything.

Question everything with discernment.

When they learn to critique society, they will eventually understand that marriage is not the reward a woman gets from an average niggaa after she sacrifices her entire life for him.

Marriage is not a reward. 

And as new women, they must question the need to be married at all, and the direct benefits to their personal ambitions. 

-Because many problems women suffer stem from Marriage.

It is the trap to humble the greatest creation of all - Woman.

The beauty, happiness, peace, glow, freedom and success of the woman unburdened by marriage and all other construct, is a JOY to watch (pun absolutely intended).

New knowledge states that you must find Happiness above all else...

And there's nothing remotely "happy" about marriage in its religious/third-world form. 

I mean... don't you see how daft some men are?

You really want to make that nigga your master?

Are you saying God will bless a Master-Wife union?

God will endorse lite slavery?

The same God who died so that YOU can be FREE?

Where is your sense?!

Why don't you THINK for godssake?

Sigh. 

Do us a favour...

Don't let your daughters turn out like you.