# Rant1545


March 15, 2019

RE: About my posts in the last few days...
.

I am so tired of saying this...

But I'll repeat it:

Women stop attacking other women.

It takes 5 seconds for it to come back and jab you in the ass.

I know it doesn't look like it... but we are all in the same boat.

We are all fighting Patriarchy, and fighting for our right of expression - sexually, intellectually, emotionally, in careers and businesses.

As long as you are a woman in this world... it is so easy to link all our struggles into one story.

So it is always annoying when I have to "fight" a woman because she is stupid enough to shame me.

I hate it.

It's the stupidest thing women do - shame the other woman OR try to appear as a better version of femininity.

It is stupid. 

You are not better. Stop with the "pick-me" syndrome!

Fight ideologies. Fight principles. Fight ideas. Fight opinions. Fight whatever a woman may stand for...

But don't fight the woman.

Most importantly, DO NOT FIGHT A WOMAN BECAUSE OF A MAN!

Do not call a woman out because of a man!

Do not have opinions about a woman because of a man!

This is 2019, what is wrong with you?!

The world is governed strictly by Patriarchy. 

You are being a complete idiot when you throw another woman into the den to be eaten.

You may think you are victorious, but Patriarchy will be hungry again.

Guess who'll be going into the den next?

That's YOU, binsh!
.

I try to rise above petty. I try.

But not this time.

You people need to learn.

It's slippery for every woman. 

But if we decide with our chest that we will not attack another woman personally, unless we are attacking opinions, then we will be able to FOCUS on what's important. 

And what is important is bringing those walls of Patriarchy down.
.

If you like accept or not.

Whatever you bring to the table - smarts or stupidity...

I will endeavour to give you a most deserving "reward".

Regards.