# Rant1695



July 8, 2019

The undomesticated strong woman and misogyny. 
.

I have not met one person who didn't try to break me.

Not one.

From colleagues to Exes to the random person who gets access to my space. 

Today, I was a victim of the fiercest, most confrontational misogyny in the history of my work life. 

He was trying to break me. As usual.

And I laughed! I really laughed.

I was so unperturbed. I even took the time to write a post about first-class sex afterwards while the office was falling apart. 

I am so bored with people's attempts to shake me up.

Small men.

Small, insecure niggaas.

Pfff.

You have to feel sorry for these men, sometimes. 

They see your strength and it does something to them...

It shrivels their phallus.

I carried on with my presentation with the same high-pitched voice I started with, stating my points clearly. I disagreed with some ideas and agreed with others.

I will not  be shaken.

These men, for lack of content, will even compare you to their wives - just like this small man did today.

"I am a married man!!!"

Pele ooo! How does that apply to creative work?

Does your marital status feed me?
.

I will tell the story some other time. 

I really don't give a damn why people react the way they do when they come around me.

It happens at work places. It happens in relationships.

Yawn.
.

Like I said, this is the worst misogyny I have experienced. It was a confrontation. And he almost got physical.

Why?

-Because he has probably never met a woman like me before.

So he thinks of his mother, his sisters, his former female colleagues, and his wife... and he wonders:

Why can't Joy be like them? Why can't she humble herself? Why can't she allow my opinions shine brighter than hers?

Imagine a random man who knows nothing about you try to profile you. Just because you are a woman. 

Like I said in another post...

If not for patriarchy, these men are nothing.

Hate me. Don't hate me. Try to break me... your attempts mean nothing to me.

I still glow. 

Askor!