# Rant 1754



August 27, 2019

Unpopular opinion:

Black women do not readily acknowledge Kris Jenner, and I understand that.

We need to find our own "role models" in our own skin colour.

Success is easily relatable when you can identify with the unique qualities of a race or gender.

I am here for all the black girl magic hashtags...

But truth is, I want to be inspired by Kris Jenner. The magic she has done with five average daughters with no obvious talents is indeed something of a wonder.

Entrepreneurship is a talent, no doubt. But their successful stories of entrepreneurship started AFTER Kris Jenner took full advantage of a sour issue - Kim's sex tape. 
.

I mean... our children have talent, they have beauty and they have NO sex tapes... and with the study of other people's experience, like Kris Jenner, we can do just as much for ours.

So why not!

I love Kris Jenner - flaws and all. And I will approach managing my daughters the way she did.
.
 

My first daughter will be done with secondary school in two years.

Her cousin is already in university. She's just 15.

But I've told Ife that if at all she changes her mind regarding the plans I have for her (see #Rant1754), it's OK.

But... by jove, she should trust me to give her a better life with the plan I have.

If, however, she feels overwhelmed by doing life differently than how society has structured, I UNDERSTAND.

We will pick up from wherever she is comfortable.

I told her she has two years to think about it. That's when she's done with secondary school.

She'll be 16 then.

Imagine a 16 year old already learning the necessary tools of her craft, pushing aside all the theory and going straight to the practical business of learning, building, and making legit money. 

Life isn't what it used to be during our time. We should have different approaches to raising our adolescents. I'm all for it!

But while I am ready to storm through rocks, I will show empathy to my child.

She has to want this as much as I want it for her.

It is my job to continue to make my plan for her clearer to her everyday.

I am ready.

Sincerely, I cannot wait!

#Momanager