# Rant1778


August 26, 2019

"How can you drag someone's wife?"

"How can you drag someone's mother?"

"What if it happened to your daughter?"

"What if it was your aunt that was raped?"

These things are problematic.

I have seen even feminists encourage this kind of conversation.

I do not want to be identified as a wife, a sister, a daughter or a niece.

I am a human being!

Your elevation of a type of woman based on her attachment to men is partriarchy dropping crack in your drink.

You are drunk at best, raving mad at worst.
.

What you are saying is I am not worthy until I am under a title - a title that mainly benefits men. A title that displays your association with men.

A wife. Oh wow! What an elevated position.

It is why every woman wants to be married, so she can be exempted from Patriarchy's wrath.

But you see, Patriarchy still hates you. And it will show you in other ways.

1. Your husband will cheat on you.
2. Patriarchy will whisper to you - "blame the woman. Fight the woman."
3. You will come with your coconut head and buy a fight. Anita Oyakhilome will be somewhere shaking her head at you, "What a dunce!"
4. You will form tag team with your man. You'll be embarrased in ways that will be worthy of a Netflix series.
5. You will have to live with the fact that you have tied your entire worth around the actions of another human being.

Patriarchy will still shame you, trust me.

No woman is free under Patriarchy.

Go watch Handmaid's Tale - the woman who pushed for Patriarchal doctrines to guide "lesser" women... her own finger was cut off, she was flogged and shamed, just like every other woman.

Just. Like. Every. Other. Woman.

You are not special to Patriarchy, no matter how you try.

Fight other woman. Keep entertaining Patriarchy. 
.
.
.

I am whole and worthy without a man, a child or a parent.

I am complete.

We give men too much power. Too much.

And for everytime I can destroy the power of a misogynist, I will...

From this non-elevated position of a bad bitch.
.
.
.

Thank you all for your kind messages about my dad. But I really just want to move on. I can't respond to 100+ inbox messages. And I don't want to think about it. I just want to continue ranting.

I don't know grief. 

I know anger and love. I can only operate from that position.

But thank you. He is probably having a beer right now on the other side 😊

So, let's move on.

💖