# Rant1908


December 8, 2019

I am here in this life to see women create the body they want and look hella gorgeous for what they paid for.

I am here for women in shuku, rocking their ankara, flaunting black skin with sheen from coconut oil.

I am here for the unapologetic bad bitches, living their best lives. 

I am here for women who splurge like they are dying tomorrow.

I am here for women who save like they would live forever.

I am here for the women making money offline, keeping it real, giving other women opportunities.

I am here for women who have a voice to speak online and bless us with wisdom. 

I am here for slay queens. The ones who want to be pampered. 

I am here for women who exist and thrive on/for their physical beauty. 

I am here for the intellectual queens. The STEM divas. The academic goddesses.

I am here for women with voices that can never be quenched. Never.

I am here for mothers who choose their children.

I am here for women who love the right niggaz.

I am here for women who walk out of institutions that relegate them.

I am here for fearless women. 

I am here for women who are figuring it out. 

I am here for the authenticity.

As long as it is authentic, I am here for it.

We feel it. We smell it. We know it 

I am here for confident women, bold women, beautiful AF women, strong women, happy women, loud women, brilliant women, rebellious women, kind women...

Everything you represent in your authenticity is valid!

I am here for all of it.

Welcome to a new decade! 😍❤