# Rant1543


March 13, 2019

I had this really heartwarming conversation with the boyfriend yesterday.

He video called from Spain.

He asked about everything...

Island weekly. Nzuri. TAAC. MY handbook. Write Culture and all the scripts we are writing presently.

Hmm. I wondered.

Then he said...

"Do you need me to invest in The Breakfast Company. Do you need money?"

Sigh.

What a man! Chai!

I smiled with all of the love my heart could gather...

"No, darling. I'm not ready for TBC. It requires a lot more than money. It requires a lot of quality control and sweat. And I'm not ready for it just yet."

"I loved the meals you sent to my office during your experiment. So if you ever change your mind, you know I'm here."

"I know."

At this point, I am crying. He always does this to me.

"I don't think I've been with any woman who cries as much as you do. It's all that ART in your soul. Jeez," he smiled.

Then I laughed. 

"They are happy tears," I said.

"I know."

I think he was in a cab or something, but I didn't want to shift the discussion anywhere away from it's present place. It was so sweet to hear him speak this way.

"I was thinking about everything you've done this year. Everything you conquered last year. And I am just so proud of you. So happy for you."

"Thank you," I smiled.
.
.

'The Boyfriend' invested 80% in Write Culture. 

Actually, no! It wasn't an investment for his sake to get a profit. He didn't lend me money. I didn't work for the money.

He gave me money. With no intention of getting it back.

He said, "Take the money. A woman like you shouldn't have to be in a position of need. Nah. That is an injustice."

He paid for Write Culture's rent at the mall. Furnished it. And then furnished my studio apartment in Lekki. 
Victoria Island and Lekki rents are not beans.
.

I am happy that he can see I am alot happier doing what I am doing than being an Ikoyi wife 😁

He is happy for me.

And I am so happy he finally understands the kind of woman I really am.

I am so grateful for his friendship.

And my love for him grows every new morning.

❤