# Rant1875



November 2, 2019

This is probably how you get to know people and what drives them.

I was asked if I would like to be a Tyler Perry or a Shonda Rhimes.

OK.

Have you seen Tyler Perry’s studio? It is the most impressive thing you would find in Hollywood.

Nonetheless, my answer was: Shonda Rhimes.

I would choose to be a Shonda Rhimes.

I do not ever want to make the kind of movies Tyler Perry makes.

I don’t care how rich he is, I just do not want to be average with my Art.

I want to be the real deal.
.

We may not really know why the world works the way it does…

How Tyler gets to build the biggest shiznit, even though Hollywood laughs at his art (because they are laughable).

Most of the shocking realisation of this kind of grace is found in countries like Nigeria – I call it grace because anything else dancing on my tongue may sound offensive.

But mehn, I don’t want to be stupendously rich as much as I want to be a brilliant artiste.

I don’t want one million dollars as much as I want to have the best movie in Africa (even if I have to share the profit amongst a team).

I don’t want money as much as I want to do great art.

Therein lies the truth of people’s passion and calling. You have to really know what drives someone.

Don't just assume we want the same things.

I know Nigeria treats us all like a linear project, a one-dimensional dream where everybody wants to hammer regardless of consequences.

I am not one of you.
.

I just watched the preview of Tyler Perry’s latest work – The Oval. I couldn’t stop cringing.

And it just made me realise that being excited about his glorious Hollywood edifice is one thing – it is an external joy that I do not fully relate to, because at the end of the day, I am always going to wonder how he keeps making these average work and get away with it, probably because his niche marketing is tight.

But I do not want that to be my story. So he does not represent my type of art.

I can applaud him without wanting to be him. I would rather be someone else - someone like Scorsese at best, Rhimes at least.

Shonda Rhimes may not have an edifice and may still wait on executives at media establishments to approve the airing of her shows on prime time…

Yet I want to be her so badly.

I want to be her more than anyone else. Sometimes, even more than Oprah.

And this is how you understand who people really are.
.

So always ask the question:

Do you want to make money through art OR do you want to make great art with money?

No answer is more superior than the other.