# Rant1670


June 21, 2019

The one thing I don't like about Ghana is their obsession with dollars.

They transact in dollars 80% of the time. Why?!

You want to rent a house, they say 3,500 per month. 
You bring out your cheque book and then you cautiously ask, "Cedis, right?"

They look at you as if you are an alien, as if they've never heard of their own currency.

And with a frown they correct you, "Dollars."

But dollars is not your currency of exchange. Why should conversation revolve around dollar in a West African country?
.

You go to a 4-star hotel...

"350 per night," the receptionist says.

You know that can never be cedis, of course.

You roll your eyes and tell them...

"Tell me what that sum is in cedis, please!"

So I find myself doing exchange from dollars to cedis with my phone all the time... and then to naira, so I can understand the value of what I am paying for in the currency of my nationality.

Confusing as fvck.

One time I gave a tip of 500 cedis. For a minute I forgot cedis was not naira. 

500 cedis is N34k, folks!
.

I used to give my security guard 20 cedis anyhow!

To understand the value of 20 cedis, let me tell you how much I pay to drive to work with Uber...

5 cedis!

So 20 cedis is my transport fare to work for two days. 

So there 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

I thought of changing my money to dollars at some point, then I rebelled.

"Fvck it! This is Accra, not Manhattan. Talk to me in cedis."
.

I salute Nigeria for this one (and nothing else, please!)

As useless as naira is, we will say any sum with our chest...

"Your rent is N2.6m!"
"The hotel room is N230k!"

If you don't like the sound of millions in naira, that one is ya problem. Lol!

But Ghanaians are shy. 

So instead of saying: "Your rent is 26,000 cedis..."

They say, "4,820 dollars, please."

Nigerians don't have time for that. They will fart it out proudly...

"ONE MILLION AND EIGHTY TAASAND NAIRA! BRING CASH!!"

🤣🤣🤣
.
.
.

PS: Labadi at night. Took these pictures last night at Labadi after a walk at the beach. Can't wait for work to be over so I can smell the beach again... and that sweet chic ambience of the hotel 😊