# Rant1539


March 10, 2019

The Boy Who Harnessed The Wind.
.

A child saved his village in Malawi from famine by building a windmill.

A mere child.

He had nothing. 

Out of profound lack and drudgery, he changed a society which, inadvertently, changed his life.

Sigh.
.
.

I had a chat with an acquaintance yesterday and she told me to check someone on Instagram.

I said I don't care about the person. I don't check profiles on Instagram. Once in a while I stumble on content on Instablog because I am preparing for my radio show and it requires social/lifestyle content. 

That's about it.

But I don't go to people's personal pages to see what's going on there.

I lose brain cells on Instagram. I have to rush back here - Facebook, and be with my tribe. People who think like I do. Or are willing to unlearn.

I mean... the sheer hilarity of constantly being wowed by your own pictures, your own vacation, your own handbag, your own living room must be exhausting. 

Such wretched vanity. How can I ever make that platform a real home?

And the condescending tone. 

My goodness!

This is how you know Nigerians are poor.

The treatment they will accept for a paltry sum of money, all because they like the shiny environment or car a slay king or queen is yapping about ONCE AGAIN on their page.

It's on a Zee World level as far as cheesy goes.

Which is quite ironic. Such low quality life sponsored by wealth.
.
.

William Kamkwamba was a poor boy with nothing.

Yet he is a wealthier human being than all of us.

You cannot be redeemed. You are far gone into posturing and pretentious good living that have numbed the brain to see beyond personal gratification. 

You are far gone and lost.

However, you can save your children. 

We can save our children.

William was 13 years old when he saved his village from famine.

And this is why I teach my kids unconventional lessons.

I tell them stories of how I respond to rich Nigerians who try to cut my wings.

Because I will not have a child pandering to anyone's status.

My child will not pander to the base instincts of Nigerians!

I will die first before that ever happens.

They will not be on Instagram begging for bread.

I will teach them the dignity in personal labour. 

And I will teach them PRIDE. 

You can keep your humility, Nigerians. I don't want it.

If we die. We die.

And my children must understand that money doesn't make the other person smarter or better. 

Money doesn't even guarantee common sense.

So you will treat people, not by what you think they have... but by how they evaluate your worth and treat you accordingly.

If we are going to prepare the future for our children...

We are going to have to teach them that rags could mean that someone worked all night to build a dream that benefits many...

And flashy clothes could mean an increasing narcissistic tendency to be an epic moron.
.
.

Chiwetel Ejiofor did a brilliant job.

These are people who know what to do with Art.

He better get that Oscar nomination next year.

Bless.