# Rant1525



March 2, 2019

Note: This is all over the place.
*

I laugh everytime someone says...

"Joy, life has been easy for you."

I laugh.

One seminar I was invited to speak a while back.. 

One woman, aging beyond her years, stood up and said... "Ms. Bewaji, you've had it easy that is why you thrive and look the way you do."

I let her have that moment, because I was bored.

What I have that alot of people do not have is Grit.

I am a woman of valour. And I hold myself to a standard - of good conscience and dignity.
.

I'll give some instances from my life:

1. My father was a rich man. Very wealthy. His brothers and sisters took everything. Everything. I knew when it was happening. I was called to fight for what was mine. I didn't. 

I treated my father's wealth like the opulence of a stranger. I was detached from it even as a favourite child. I never let it define me. I realised very early in life that all I would get from this relationship as a child to a father would be his inherent spirit and spunk.

I am not talking about a father with one plot of land here and another land there and another in the village. My father owned properties from Apapa to Ajangbadi. Every property he had a business in, he owned it. Every penthouse he had, he owned it. Every business he started was run in properties he owned.

I moved on. I started from scratch. 

I heard of the stories they did with his money.

When they were done lavishing and spending and selling properties...

Years later, these mudafuckaz still had the effrontery to call me to ask me for money!!!

Me, the child who moved on.

Now tell me: how many of you will walk away from that much wealth?

You will fight. You will shout. You will kill.

And if all fails, you will grow bitter. You will blame all your failures on a father who lived his own life... then you'll blame relatives.

You will not own your own life.

Yet I am the one who "life is easy for".
.
.

I left a marriage with nothing.

I took a small bag and never went back.

I left everything behind. I didn't call or ask for anything after I left.

I even left my international passport!

I worked hard to take care of my kids (still working hard).

When my mother insisted he had to contribute to the children's welfare. He said I had to prove that he had taken care of them before my exit from the marriage. Some bullcrap poverty talk like that!

Me! I will sit down and be proving shit to a man! Me!

I am my father's daughter, let no one forget that.

I may not have his kind of money, but that man's blood flows in my vein. 

We do not bow to anyone.

I laughed when my mother told me what my ex-husband said. She was upset, but I rolled my eyes.

"I told you not to call him. I told you to give these people the middle finger. Stop calling!" I said.

My brother wanted me to go to court to demand that he takes care of the children.

I said there's no way in hell I am going to court to fight over the welfare of my children.

These are children! My daughters will not go through that kind of mess.

When my mother worried, I told her not to worry.

"I am capable of taking care of these children as a single mother better than any arrangement anyone can come up with."

I am my father's child!

How many of YOU can rise up to the challenge of single parenting?

Talmabout "Joy has it easy".

Binsh, sit down let me school you.

What breaks you only makes me stronger. 

Nobody is big enough to steal my happiness. 

I am very intentional about life. Very deliberate about my happiness. 

This glow doesn't come by chance. It is Clarins, it is Nzuri, it is intentional lifestyle.
.

I have been badly shamed in a relationship.

I was shamed with my age. Shamed for not running my own business. Shamed for being in love. I was compared to a woman who is not worthy to wipe the dirt off my shoe. Shamed for not being rich. Shamed. Shamed. Shamed.

Did it break me?

No.

What did I do? 

I used all that shame and made me a pair of wings, and soared.

I soar! That's all I know to do. 

But you are there, talmabout "Joy having it easy".

I run 5 businesses. I churn out ideas like a mudafucka. I run all the creative work of my businesses. 

There's not one creative executive in my team. And even if there was, I would still not trust their ideas.

I am Art.

It doesn't get better than my proud, egotistical ass!

I do it all (of course, I would like to delegate, but where are the smart creatives???)

I am not afraid.

I live alone. I work alone.

I am always alone.

Can YOU bear to be alone for one day without searching for companionship or validation from any random human?
.

Should I give more instances of my life? Nah? I didn't think so.

Some of you haven't been through nothing, yet you keep breaking like a pencil.

I could go and on to show you how similar we all are with our stories. 

The only difference between us is...

I didn't let anything or anyone define me.
.

Do you know how many mobs have attacked me on social media?

Still I rise.

Can you survive one negative comment? You will deactivate your account the next minute.

We are not equals, please.

I am a god. Period.

I glow because I choose this life every waking day.

I am living a life with no f*cks to give.

None!

It didn't come easy for me.

I chose to step on those bricks they threw at me so I could stand taller than them...

Then piss on their heads.
.

You either rise from ashes or stay dead.