# Rant1852



October 18, 2019

Dear upcoming screenwriters,

If you're going to succeed in this industry, remove yourself from the snob crew.

Snobbery will take you nowhere. 

Snobbery will leave you broke. 

Write 1000 Irokotv movies. Don't wait to write one bigscreen movie.

You don't have to suffer the mediocrity of "Alaba movies". A platform like Irokotv makes sure of that. It ensures that you continue to write better stories. There's a real attempt to tell African stories. The consistency of your work as a writer is the real reward. It keeps you busy, it keeps you in business.

You can have standards, but have sense too.

Check the figures. Check the numbers.
.

Let me tell you how much Snob Nollywood has paid me since I became a screenwriter...

N200k. Quarter payment of something I was supposed to write that never happened. 

I kid you not.

They keep promising that the big deal will come. I'm sure it will, and I'm sure they mean well...

But snobbery earns you nothing. 
.

Let me tell you how much bigscreen Nolly has paid me...

Approximately N1.5m

Only one of my movies have made it to cinema.
.

Now let me tell you what my Irokotv earnings look like...

It is ten times what you can earn anywhere! The zeroes never dry up.

And thousands of people can watch. 
.

Irokotv is Netflix. Period. 

The only difference is the content.

Iroko is not pretentious. It is telling stories for and about the continent. 
.
.

We are a jealous people. 

The black man wants to be the only black man in the room. The white man expects to see his kind all over the room.

We approach life the same way. 

We cannot applaud our own because we believe the opportunities for our race is limited.

So if it's not you, then it may never be you. Hence, jealousy. 

White people don't think like that.

Your colour may be black, but I beg you...

Start thinking like a white person. 

.
My point is...
In a country like Nigeria where an entire market burns to ruins with no functional fire service...

Snobbery is not a virtue, it's a nuisance.

You can choose to tweet like you give good art like Martin Scorsese or James Cameron...  but you don't. 

We are in this Nigerian rot together, and if anyone can give us an Irokotv, then that person is better than you.

Periodttttt.

Some of you can't even sustain a Reality TV on-demand internet streaming media, even with a billion naira (that's another story for another day).
.

My point is: waiting to give one movie every 3 years doesn't make you an authentic artist.

Snobs contribute very little to any industry. 

There are not critics. Critics are different.

Snobs believe life should be an exquisite Chateau Cheval Blanc experience, even when 99% cannot afford Chateau Cheval Blanc...

And that 99% includes them.

They're delusional, jealous, and living in a bubble they can't even afford.

I know it's woke...

But do you really want to be that kind of person? 🤷🏽‍♀️
.
.

While you're contemplating what kind of person you should be...

Subscribe to irokotv.com 😉