# Rant1798


September 9, 2019

News: iPhone 11 is out.
.

Dirt Poor Niggaas: I miss the days when women had values. Now all they want is iPhone. It's a shame.

Poor Niggaas: It's time for girls to spread their legs wider in bed juz becoz of iPhone. Haha!

Braggart Rich Niggaas: This is what my woman deserves. But all these other hoes don't deserve my money because they are desperate and najakksbhquauqksksooxjsopqjaipqlslznya!

Rich Kind Niggaas: *silence*
.

(Contd.)

Dirt Poor Niggaas: I have blocked all the prostitutes on this app. Only virtuous women are allowed in my space. They are the ones deserving of my money (which money?)

Poor Niggaas: Ladies, please learn to make your own money and buy your own tinz by yourself. I can take care of you, but it wee trip me if u can tk care of urself (LOL!)

Braggart Rich Niggaas: I am rich and very generous but I can read through these hoes and I know that yuqijqjiayzgahoaplznjaikappz! (SHUT UP!)

Rich Kind Niggaas: *silence*
.
.
.

Dear heterosexual women, date wisely. 

For peace of mind, for basic respect, for less patriarchal intrusion...

And for the iPhone haqhaqhaqhaqhaqhaq!
.

I mean, it's that simple: either he gets it for you or you get it for yourself. No long talk or silly bragging. The real man isn't going to be blabbing a pile of shit about it.

The moral of the story is: Stop dating men who hate you! The iPhone rant is just a cover for the intense misogyny they nurse for your gender. 

Be guarded. 
.

OK! Let me head to my job that can conveniently buy me iPhonesssssssss!

Don't let no niggaa disrespect you.

Have a good day, y'all.

👌