# Rant1723


July 26, 2019

Every other day, I get the Joy-kindly-recommend-a-hotel-for-me in my inbox.

OK. 

I really hate writing reviews for free. So I'm just going to rant about it.

Here are some hotels I have stayed in Lagos...

Federal Palace:
Rooms: I dislike the interior. The rooms are basic, the experience is similar to having cabin biscuits for lunch. 
Buffet: Good spread. Colourful. More options than many. 
Staff: Not very friendly. 
It's like a small community where everybody minds everybody's business.
.

Four Points:
Rooms: I love the interior - dark, manly, safe, clean, polished wood. 
Buffet: Impressive layout. 
You'll get excited the first few days, but if you stay longer, you'll get tired of the breakfast routine. 
I love the outdoor bar.
They need to change the couch in the lobby.
Best part: I can order hot chocolate anytime. 
Worst part: Parking is a nightmare.
.

Oriental hotel:
Lol! I swear, I love Oriental hotel, even though it reminds me of a knock-off brand, I love the place! 😂
The rooms are OK. The view is amazing - whether facing the sea or the city.
There's a fridge filled with beer and soda for free (that I don't drink). 
Buffet is bleh.
They have the best gym though. 
.

Eko hotel: 
The suites. The staff. The service. The buffet. All of it = Wack!

The pool area gets a pass as it serves the purpose for friends to hangout.

PS: Eko Signature is better. Been there just once. Once is not enough experience to get a rant.
.

Intercontinental hotel:
Room: Ambience is perfect. Interior is OK. I hate the bathroom. 
Buffet: Basic. Unexciting.
.

Protea Kuramo: 
Room: Ugh!!!
Buffet: OK.
A place with potential but poor maintenance. 
.

Fahrenheit: 
I lived there for close to a year. The staff became siblings. They washed my car and were kind. Manager sent me wine sometimes. Hospitality manager checked on me every other day. I had my laundry taken care of at ridiculously discounted rates. 
An entire season of my life began and ended there. 
.

Epe Resort:
All the way in Epe.
Room: Love it! Brown and polished wood. Smells great. 
Environment: Quiet. Great for meditation. Perfect getaway from the norm.
Buffett: Bleh!
.

Jubilee Resort
Located in Epe also.
Room: I hate the interior. 
Buffet: The absolute worst (PS: Restaurant was under construction when I stayed there).
Environment: I love the endless space!!! I could walk for days!
.

Legend Curio by Hilton:
It's new. It's fresh. It's 5-star.
Of course, it's beautiful! Duh!!
.

Victoria Crown Plaza hotel:
Let me say it this way... Victoria Crown reminds me of the spoils of war after an attack of a village.
It carries the weight of poor imagination. 
It looks and feels like a sick old man.
.

Morehouse:
Advice: Spend only a few days, then leave for something more exquisite. 
.

There are more, but I am going to bed.

🤧