# Rant1662


June 17, 2019

Why do Africans desperately need people to be humble?

Why?

You work somewhere in Nigeria, the boss wants you to be subservient to his wife.

Why?

You work on a project with someone, they try to break you.

Why?

You meet your intended in-laws they expect you to take the broom from their mother and sweep the parlour.

Why?

One African manages to have money and he ridicules everyone who can't afford first class.

Why is this necessary?

You talk to an investor, s/he dismisses you because you don't know how to play the sycophant.

Why?

We do giveaways in accordance to how beggarly our followers are.

Why?
.
.

We shame single mothers who decide to celebrate their role as mother AND father on Father's Day. We shame them for pushing double shift.

Double shift is not a myth. I have been there at some point as an intrapreneur.

I was the Managing Editor of Happenings Media and I will wake up by 5am, prepare the kids to school, drop them by 6.30am, and then head to work...

I had to leave work in Victoria Island by 4pm so I can get to Festac by 5.30pm to pick my kids from school every week day.

I did this for three years.

I couldn't achieve very much because I have to be present with my kids... YET I was the sole provider. If I don't go out and attend to work, no money to take care of them... if I stay at home, we starve.

Yet there is a father somewhere whom we haven't seen in 10 years! Nobody stopped him from carrying out his responsibilities. 

With the privilege of patriarchy, he decided to be irresponsible, and I decided to ignore him completely.

It is not like we cannot deal with the fvck up of these men... but we think of the children. Especially when you have daughters - you want your life to be their Bible. 

So what is so wrong if a woman decides to celebrate every day, including father's day, as her day?

Why are we so full of shit?

I don't fvck with these celebrations. They mean absolutely nothing to me. I celebrate people I care about anytime and any day I want to.

But if another woman chooses to celebrate her triumph as a single parent pushing double shift... why don't you fvck off and let her be?
.
.

Again, I ask...

Why are third-worlders obsessed with stripping humans of dignity until they see you crawl and beg?

What is this level of sadism about?

Why do we love the pitiful so much?

Why does dignity, strength, courage and pride scare us?
.
.

Let me make this very clear...

I will rather DIE than be humble.

Me, I don't really care about life or death.

I do not obsess over daily bread and fitting in. 

I don't really care.

I am either very passionate OR not passionate.

Life OR death. 
No room for just existing.

I will not bow to anyone.

You do not need my humility. You need my skill.

I am not afraid. 
.

And there's one thing I know for sure... 

There's always another way if one way tries to squeeze humility that you do not possess out of you.

There is always a way. 

I am a testament to that.