# Rant1683



June 30, 2019

Tragedy porn is the worst.

You speak out in public, hoping to free your soul and spirit of a burden.

The public, made of the most despicable creatures, make a mockery of your pain, turning elements of your story to slapstick comedy.

Your pain becomes bants.

I have seen Krest Ads everywhere as a form of comic relief from an issue as heinous as rape.

Whew! Tragedy porn!

Of course, there are those who genuinely care.

But the worst of all are those who need to turn your story over and over in a frying pan, analysing, sharing every detail, every similar incident, every identical story...

These people who make the story of your life a buffet, spread across a table for all to scrutinise, dissect, poke, fork and eat... all in the guise of being concerned...

Tsk tsk. It's just entertainment.
.
.

The justice system was created to preserve people's dignity.

It is why justice does not rely on anything except that which informs it that something is true or false. 

And that is why I have always said that the only thing a human being needs to have is Dignity.

Kindness, love, care, trust, faith, honesty, peace... all are offerings of Dignity. 

As a human being, be dignified. It is the holistic form of you, it embodies the qualities you should possess.

Dignity informs you on how you live.

First-world is pretentiously guided by Dignity. 

Third-world doesn't even consider dignity at all. We just want people to be humble!

And that is why we are always pandering, always compromising, always unsure where to stand - whether for truth or for bread.

It is a horrible thing to make humility the moral bedrock of a society. 

We start teaching our children to be humble from as little as 3!

For what?!!

And because we spent our childhood getting humbled, as adults we think the opposite of that is raw pride.

Pride is our rebellion.

But pride is not the answer. 

The solution is Dignity. 

Have dignity.

Nigerians, have dignity for godssake.

Two of our biggest curses are Religion and Humility. 

Religion that says, "Don't question me."
Humility that says, "Yes, sir."
.

In Dubai, there are two qualities easy for any tourist to see...

Religion and Dignity.
.

You see, religion is not the direct problem, neither is culture.

But when you mix your cognac with heroin...

That's the addiction humility has on us as a people.

Drop your humility. It's useless.

Have DDiDDi