# Rant1783


August 28, 2019

Let me make this clear...

If I am called into an executive board decision panel, and I am asked...

"Keep ranting or lose your job."

I will choose to lose my job. 
.

Or a meeting with a lover...

"Keep ranting or lose this love."

LMAO! Niggaa fvck you and your love. I choose ranting over any African love.

I choose writing/ranting over everything.
.

I am good at a job, a job doesn't make me happy.

Love is sweet, but writing is sweeter.

A job is just a job. I work hard, I give you what you want in the capacity of my employment. I am loyal. I have integrity. I look out for the best interest of the company. I am talented. I have relevant skills to get the job done.

That's it.

You don't get to snoop around my rants looking for your missing brain.

I have blocked a village here just so we are clear that I do not rant for everyone.

I rant for only one nationality - Nigerians.

Nigerians ONLY. I am telling my story as a Nigerian woman.
.

Writing without fear makes me happy. Ranting keeps me alive.

Writing has seen me through hell and deep waters. Writing has saved me from depression.

Writing is my best companion.

This is my survival.

I won't let anyone fvck with my survival.

Take everything, I don't care.

But you cannot stifle my voice.

You cannot stop me from ranting.

I do not respond to fear or panic.

I am fearless.
.

I don't just have a Plan A and a Plan B...

I have plans up to Z.

I will never lack.

Take everything. And watch me rise from ashes. Again.

Mind your business and leave this Nigerian woman to tell her stories.

Or keep being a termite to the rotten wood at my backyard.

Either way I don't care.

I'm alive today, and I get to tell my stories.

That's all that matters to me.

I am not hustling. Not "looking for money". Not desperate for anything.

None of that energy here.

My energy is of a different kind.

I am a writer.

Creating exciting and unconventional content is all that matters to me.

I will never let anyone take that away.

I will die instead.

✌