# Rant1713


July 18, 2019

#TBT

I started the NASCO Moments Show in 2015.

I was paid N1m per quarter/season (every 13 weeks) to run the show as the presenter. It aired once every week. 

It was an independent show airing on City FM.

I ran the show for 4 seasons on City FM every Thursday.
.

I had a job as the Managing Editor of Happenings Media.

We had a tiny room by the corner of the office that was part of our rent, but not in use.

So I badgered Happenings Chairman to make it an online radio, instead of watching the space rot.

With N3.5m, the entire radio crib was set up after a few weeks.

The business was mainly sustained by clients who needed a studio to record their audio books, and voice-over artists for commercials.

We also had United Nations record a 3-part audio drama series at the studio, championed by Stephanie Linus.
.

But one thing I was most proud of was bringing my radio show, NASCO Moments from City FM to Happenings radio. 

What that meant was I had to forfeit the presenter fee of N1m (per quarter/season) to Happenings.

As the Managing Director of Happenings Radio, I didn't think twice about it.

I simply did what a decent Managing Director would do:

I took funds from my Chairman to launch an online radio platform...

I had a side gig as the presenter of NASCO Moments on City FM, and I earned N1m from the show every 13 weeks, aired only once a week...

I convinced NASCO to bring the show to Happenings radio. It required a lot of back-and-forth emails and meetings...

When it was finally approved, I presented it to my Chairman and paid all the money for new seasons of NASCO Moments to the official Happenings account 

So I presented the show on Happenings radio without any personal reward. 

I was the MD. It was my job to uplift the brand above personal gain.

PS: My salary at Happenings wasn't up to one million per month. 

PSS: If I had to repeat that kind of corporate decision, I'll do it the same way. 

PSSS: Yup. I am not a hustler.