# Rant1916


December 12, 2019

So I watched one video by Blessing CEO… the lady who, you know, lied about building a house?

OK.

This video is about the reasons she left her marriage. 

She said a week before her white wedding, a friend of her fiancé visited.

Her niggaa told her to make his friend something to eat.

She did, and decided to lie on the rug afterwards because she was tired (wedding preparation stress and all).

When the friend was done with the food she made, he wanted to take his plate to the kitchen by himself, but Blessing's fiancé stopped him...

He had a brighter idea.

This man went to where Blessing was taking a nap, woke her and told her to go take his friend's plate to the kitchen.

Blessing, fatigued and dozy, didn’t understand a word he was on about.

She told him to take care of his friend’s plate. She was tired and needed to rest.

He instructed her a second time, she refused...

Then Niggaa slapped and beat her up - right there in front of his friend.
.
.

I am laughing in happily-ever-after.

The nerve of this institution though! The nerve!

You wake a woman up to carry a man's plate.

The nerve!!!

I cannot wait for marriage to go extinct. Especially the mess they practice in Africa.

The unhappiest women are married women. 

The second runner-up, are women desperate to get married.

What a waste of time.
.
.
.

I remember one celeb who made headlines back then for marrying as a virgin. 

Of course, the message was for other women to strive towards that goal - preserving their hymen for a wedded niggaa.

Social media, as always, used her virgin story to shame other women. 

Nobody talked about the man's virginity.
.

That marriage is over now.

The woman will eventually have sex with someone who is not her husband. 

You are back to square one.
.
.

When we tell women there is no part of Patriarchy that favours them, they snigger at us.

They think theirs will be different, special.

I laugh in Naija flavoured creole. 

I trust Patriarchy to always come through. 

Always!
.

By all means keep your virginity. Let it be your business, your story.

BUT when you use it as a standard, a level of quality other women have to attain...

I'll be here waiting.

I trust Patriarchy to do its job.

I trust Patriarchy to show you that in a society he controls, you are just another c.u.n.t.
.
.

Unlearn.