# Rant1427


January 9, 2019

My inbox is a community of over 40,000 residents trying to send good wishes.

I pay attention to only the ones with good sentences 😊
.
.

Unconventional relationships are not common in Nigeria. 

And because it is a new form of love that allows for many other emotions of lust and spontaneity to thrive, it is not taken seriously. 

I am not a conventional lover. I HATE conventional relationships. I always tell any man I'm with this simple fact.

I don't care for conventional relationships. 

However, unconventional relationships are vulnerable to harsh criticisms and disrespect, even by the persons involved in it.

Most times the Man in the relationship, uncomfortable by this new way of love and life, usually turns around to shame his partner.

Because he is male and because he can easily get away with unorthodox practices, he runs to patriarchy to shield himself from his choices. 

So he joins society to shame the woman he once loved.

It is convenient. It is cowardly. But it is acceptable in a society that demands only one type of woman:

A woman must be younger than the man.
A woman must accept that marriage is the only seal of love.

And many other social/cultural acceptable balderdash.

Once in a while, a man steps out of all that fuss, and tries something different.

But he rushes back because he doesn't see his new choices as strong enough to sustain itself.

He returns to acceptable practice.
.

I got many messages regarding my post on Male Vulnerability.

This one was well-written, so it makes it to my wall.
.

Truth is, if you are a New Woman, love will be tough for you.

Nigerian men don't take risks.

You and your creative rebellion are risks.

Whether you are worth the risk or not is not the question. 

People in societies like ours always go back to default mode.

That's what these men do.

And that is OK.

You must accept that, as a new woman, this is perfectly OK.

You - woman, continue living your unconventional life!
.

Look at it this way, and you'll be fine.

Peace.