# Rant1854



October 18, 2019

I'll say this again...

When you people are ready to sincerely address Matrimony and Monogamy, then I will listen.

Until then, keep crying that your spouse is cheating, or your child isn't yours (after DNA).

I feel no empathy for you. Nothing. 

I actually feel like laughing when you start ranting about marital unfaithfulness.

It's the lamest topic in the world, because you are forcing yourself to be something you are not.

I see people praising one Mike out of #BBNaija for being faithful on LIVE reality show. 

That is how desperate and pathetic these people (women especially) have become - to crown a man as an example of good qualities. 

All he did was not cheat on his own damn wife, and you all want him to win N30million for something women will do for years without any reward.

He did it on LIVE TV, folks! He was faithful on TV. 

Phew! Why is this bar so damn low?!!

If you are all so edgy and knackered about a cheating man, why are you married?

Can you not see how much of your peace of mind, self esteem and happiness is hinged on someone else's action?

And when the spouse finally cheats, what do you do?

You spend every spare minute to re-enact how it must have happened and why it happened, and what needs to be done to prevent it from happening again.

Dear God! Do not let my children be this foolish. 

You blame him. You blame you. You blame her. 

You are living a sad life.

It happened because Monogamy is a tall order for many people, including women.

Monogamy should be an option. It should be done without the constraint of necessity. 

Polygamy is an African thing. Women married wives and husbands. Men married more women.

But like everything, the grass looked greener on the other side.

So you adopt this pretentious first world fantasy, endorsed by Christianity, and force on every man and woman without considering social structures and personality... without considering sociological trends.

Yet monogamy continues to fail.

And if it succeeds, it becomes the best reward in the relationship.

It's sad.

Why are you people living such sad pretentious lives?

And for many women, their hearts are in their mouths daily... believing that if they read one more relationship article or make some kind of performance of their relationship, it will numb  a natural desire they and/or their men feel for someone else. 

Whew!

I do not envy your life or your love one bit.

May God give you enough glue to fix your broken heart...

There! Another piece has fallen out.

Sad!