# Rant1752


August 14, 2019

Ghana has a vibrant middle-class. 

Their architecture is brilliant, down to the details and embellishments.

There are no pretences. If you want to live in great comfort, as long as you can pay for it, you have it (differing strikingly from Lagos, of course).

There are white people living European lives here. 

They are loud and happy. They hangout in groups (in Lagos, white people are humbled by the chaos).

In Accra, they take walks at night, chatting, laughing.

They are safe. 

These are demonstrations of a vibrant middle-class. 
.

Now here comes the plot twist...

With all of these... YET, Ghana does not have a vibrant entertainment industry.

Their cinema culture is comatose. 

Ghollywood as a movie industry is non-existent. 

And you wonder... what is going on?!

There are no well publicised art events. No workshops. No programmes for directing or scriptwriting. No local shows for upcoming artistes.

Nothing. 

Imagine all these happy foreigners in one country, well-defined bourgeois set-up... yet nothing, except fine-dining to keep them entertained. 

Do you know how great it would be to stage Plays in Accra to meet middle-class needs?

There's no competition here. 

The opportunities are raw, ripe and ready.
.

I staged my Plays right in the heat of Lagos art competitions... yet I made over N1.5m for 'Satan: a dark comedy'. This was a small budget effort, yet it did well.

The days I staged 'The Convenient Assh*le' were the days  Bolanle Austin Peters was staging one of her massive Plays at Terra Kulture... yet I made N500k profit on the first night. 

What I'm trying to say is simple - engage with Art wherever you are.

Art is the first thing I look out for when I visit a city or country. 
.

How people can just ignore the potential of Art as an enterprise in a city always baffles me.

Go to London!!! They have streets with only theatres for Plays lined up. They sell tickets every day. They show Plays every day!

Ugh!

*Now I'm tearing up.*

Soon sha. Soon.