# Rant1905


December 6, 2019

I’m trying to book tickets for a stage play showing at Agip Hall for me and my girls this December.

Children’s entertainment is negligible in Nigeria, especially for teenagers. You will look under rocks and you still will not find exciting outdoor activities and engagements for your kids.

So I’ve been racking my brain all week. I have a notepad where I write all the activities I want them to enjoy this holiday – from Lagos to Accra.

We are spending a week in Lagos, so the plan is to go out every day.

What can I say? I want to spoil my babies 😀

I have everything from game centres, to race cars to dinner at Eko Signature, booked.

Then I found a stage play that would be showing at Agip Hall during our stay, and I decided to get tickets.

It was difficult finding a number to call. I had to check many platforms online to find a contact number.

I call the number…

And the first thing that hit me was that special flavour of Nigerian apathy in his voice.

Here I was, calling with some excitement (as much as I could gather, considering the day’s sad Nigerian event), and there he was with that who-is-this-one tone of voice.

I didn’t bother with it, I want to believe traffic for the day had crushed the last slice of his enthusiasm.

I asked if this was the number to call to get tickets for the Play…

I was going to ask if teenagers could see it. I don’t want a serious theme. I just want my daughters to laugh and have some fun. Nothing deep that would depress them…

But niggaa didn’t even know what I was talking about. He was lost for minutes.

Then he snapped out of his lethargy.

By then, I was already done!

How can you not know the stage play that is showing in just a week's time with your number as the contact?

I ended the call, abeg!
.

This Nigerian anyhowness needs to stop!

It’s annoying!
.

Live as if it is your last day. Live with enthusiasm, damn it!

I know Nigeria is a latrine, but you can’t let it take the joy from a simple call, on the phone, about a business that is supposed to pay you!

It’s a waste of space to be alive and be so inactive.

You just sit there and vegetate.

How can you be so dead when you are alive? 

Hian!

PS: Please anyone with ideas and suggestions on how I can fill up my notepad with fun activities for me and my girls - from Lagos to Accra, kindly holler! My iin