# Rant1825



September 28, 2019

LONG READ.

My personal experience with Nollywood.
.
.

When Okafor’s Law premiered, I critiqued the movie rather harshly. Many months later, Omoni invited me to her home for a script job.

This was not the first commissioned job I was getting from her. As a matter of fact, two years prior to that day, I had eaten the best jollof rice in my life at her home, with her boys. I've shared that before. 

So on this day, after the pleasantries, she asked very kindly that I hear her own side of the Okafor’s Law issue.

She didn’t dangle the script, like a carrot, in my face to taunt me for criticizing her movie. She gave me the job, did the transfer of the money right in front of me, then she said she’d like to talk about my review of her last movie.

After that job, she commissioned me for another job sponsored by a pan-african firm.

Last week, she gave me another job. She said the job was below what I normally charge, but it was the budget they had for the script, she showed it to me. She didn’t ask me if I would take the offer. Nah.

What did Omoni do? She immediately said she would add her own money to complete it to meet my fee.

If that is not an honourable way to treat someone, I don’t know what is.

.

Stephanie Linus and I fight all the time LOL! Every time I send her a screenplay, she wants a lot of things changed, and I ask for more money, and she gets upset, and I roll my eyes, and we go back and forth until we are able to reach a compromise 😂

However THREE times, she had invited me to travel with her – twice to London (for movie premieres), and once to Paris, I think, for her wedding (can’t remember the destination, but her wedding is on the internet. Check it out.). All expense paid, right down to getting me visa.

And thrice I turned it down because my kids were so small, and I was struggling emotionally through a marriage I didn’t think was necessary anymore.

She'd say: "Joy, bring your passport, make we travel. You need to exhale."

It was Stephanie that connected me to UNFPA. I wrote radio scripts for them.

.

Emem Isong has been giving me jobs non-stop for four years!

I have criticised the directing of a series I wrote for her production.

Do you know what Emem did?

She told her people in Lagos to call me and explain to me what happened in an episode with bad continuity.

After my critique of the work, Emem still gave me two more seasons to write.

I am also writing her next movie.

.

Should I go on?

Big Sam of BBB media.

Everybody knows how I felt about the final production of the big screen movie I wrote.

I distanced myself from it.

Yet, Big Sam has been nothing but kind to me!

He has given me two more scripts after my critique of the movie. I didn’t take the jobs because I couldn’t at the time. But the point is, he continued to give me jobs!

To brighten my mood, Big Sam would send me comments from fans of the movie. Even my inbox is full of Nigerians who loved the movie.

His upcoming movie, Dear Affy… Big Sam wanted me to be part of the production. I said I wanted to co-direct and Big Sam said yes and even sent me the fee I would earn if I did. He added me to the WhatsApp group where Toyin Abraham would crack us up daily.

I was in the WhatsApp group that decided on the cast.

He still keeps in touch, telling filmmakers about my work. 
.

Mary Njoku.

I was meeting Mary Njoku for the first time in my life just two months ago. I was with her and Uche Jombo for 48 hours. 
I had breakfast, lunch and dinner for two days with these women. Mary took me to her home in Accra. She introduced me to her children!

Mary is the biggest deal in Nollywood!

When she travelled to London, she called me to see how I was doing.

.

The first time Uche called me – it was a referral from Emem.

Uche said to me: “Joy, I am in a fix. Someone messed up my script. Please take my budget and do some magic with this idea I have for a series. And I promise you that if it is ever within my power, I will not stand between you and your bread. I will make way for you.”

I am not writing for free oo, yet she blesses me!

I don’t even write for the fees I hear going around, yet I always get jobs.

.

Let me stop here.

My point is: you do not have many industries with the right spirit as Nollywood.

The people I have mentioned are top players in the industry. They don’t need my validation, yet they show the kind of honour and respect I have not received anywhere in Nigeria.

Nollywood has the right spirit. It has the right energy.
.

What about your industry?

YOU that is so quick to talk shit about Nollywood, how does your industry treat you?

I hear many young lawyers are so broke they can barely feed. You finish law school and you earn N30k.

What about hospitals and doctors? How is that industry doing?

What about your universities and polytechnics... do you have labs and studios?
Heck! Do you even have toilets?

How can you do shot-put every day and still blame Nollywood for not being whatever you want it to be?

Are we not all in the same society?
.
.

Should we talk about The Literati?

Last year, a young boy was denied his N100k ANA prize by an “elder” of The Literati.

N100k!!!

He wasn’t only denied his prize money, he was insulted and disrespected.

I mean... what the fvck is N100k?! Is that money?!!

The Literati award ceremonies are still run-of-the-mill activities, no aesthetics, no gloss, no ambition to meet any standards… and apparently poor reputation in meeting their promises.

But all the practitioners of these industries have something to say about Nollywood.

You want Nollywood to surpass the level of a third-world country where nothing works.

You want Nollywood to give you the quality of Hollywood from a society without basic facilities.

You want a certain level of intellectualism in Nollywood to be sold to a nation with more illiterates than literates. A society that is collectively witless.

You give Nollywood all that responsibility you should give your government, your own industry, and yourself.

.

Do you know what it means to have a sequel of Living in Bondage?

It is as exciting as having Lion King in 2019.

Living in Bondage is my childhood!!!

Ramsey Nouah brought all kinds of emotions in me with this sequel.

Of course, I would want the story to be just as good as the gloss.

But the point here is, Nollywood puts in a lot of effort. A lot of positive energy that you won’t find anywhere else.
.

When Jonathan left, many people thought Nollywood would die. Even The Literati. Bad belle people who think they know shit about filmmaking.

But Nollywood stands even brighter than before.

You cannot break a spirit that is full of good energy. You cannot break a “good man’s” courage.

Face your industry. It has more work to do than Nollywood would ever have.

And as Nigeria develops (hopefully), so would Nollywood.

It’s the simplest arithmetic you should be able to figure out.
.
.

I broke down mentally, emotionally and physically this week, because I have been writing scripts non-stop since I moved to Ghana.
All the characters I kill in scripts come back to haunt me! 😂😂😂
.
.

As I go back to finish yet another commissioned script, I want to say…

I fvcking love Nollywood for always trying to be  better without half the bitterness you'll find in other industries.
.

If I have ever suffered disrespect in any industry, it is not Nollywood.

And you must understand I am an underdog, I belong to no clique, I am subservient to no one… still Nollywood has provided for me more than any other industry has.
.

The first time I was vulnerable in my career and worked with an investor, this man shut my company down and held my money back.

It was writing SCRIPTS that saved me during that period!!!

Until he realised it was a waste of time to try to break me.

Let me stop here!

But you get my drift…

It is simple: Fvck you and your opinions about Nollywood.