# Rant1800


September 10, 2019

We had a meeting with a team of foreigners. 

One of them was a white woman.

After the meeting, she asked that I take a walk with her...

When we got to the elevator, it was just two of us.

"You've got a lot to say. You shouldn't try to keep it all in because people may be offended by your knowledge. Say what you know. They are great ideas. And I like your energy," she smiled...

"I really want you on this project," she added. She also insisted I should be part of another meeting coming up.
.
.

See, I am bad with politics. Bad!

I don't know the first thing to do to lobby my way into anything. I am always bored. Always unimpressed. And always ready to leave it all behind. 

I can't play the politics in offices. I am not wired that way.

And though many great things can come out of those activities, I still think very little of people who play them...

Because office politics always seem to be played by those who are mediocre at their job.

Since I can't pander to these ambitions, I have to be damn good at my job.

I am that woman who gives a damn good presentation, but cannot hold small talk afterwards. 
.
.

After the meeting today, I was already on my way out of the conference room... then she called me.

And even though I am way beyond looking for people's validation, it is good to hear someone of another race look at me and tell me my creative substance and energy might scare people but I should never lose them. 

She made inferences from the meeting and my contributions... 

This is even more special coming from a woman. 
.
.

They way I feel right now is similar to getting an expensive gift from an admirer 😀😁