# Rant1869



October 29, 2019

Clout Chasing #04

Of all the posts I’ve written on this topic, this is, by far, the most hilarious clout-chasing gimmick of all time!
.
.

Here’s an example:

Clout chaser: I am rich, and I want you to be rich too. I made one billion naira selling crayons. Take my course, and learn how to grow your income. I cannot wait to see you at the top.

Commenter A: Yas sis!

Commenter B: Go girl!

Commenter C: I stan!

Commenter D: Tell them!

Commenter E: Excuse me, why do you want to teach people how to make money, what’s in it for you?

Clout chaser: I’m just trying to help. All these type of businesses are now beneath me. If I teach you, then we can meet at the top. Class is just N100k. With the knowledge I have, you can make N500m.

Commenter F: How feasible is it to make N1 billion from crayons?

Commenter D: It is feasible in Jesus’ name.

Clout chaser: Work hard, work smart, believe.

Commenter F: No. We are talking N1b here, it goes beyond working hard.

Minion of life: See, this young woman has succeeded in places your fada could not succeed. Why not take the lesson and learn how to be successful? Why be a critic? A loser? Are you not tired of being poor? Are you not tired of hating? She has been working from her mother’s womb! Why not grab this unique opportunity and learn from the best, learn from a box of knowledge.

Commenter F: But –

Minion of life: No buts! Your energy is bad for this page! Remember whatever you believe – whether you believe you will make it or not, you are right. Now allow us to stan our queen!

Commenter F: K
.
.
One month later…

Clout chaser: We have brought down the fees so that many people can pay and learn these secrets. I don't want to hold back what I already know. Remember that I am rich. I only need you to be as rich as I am. Learn how to make N1b selling whatever products you sell. And do not talk negatively about Nigeria. Keep believing. Course is N30k. My biggest passion is to see businesses grow.

Commenter G: Yas sis!

Comment H: Go, girl!

Commenter I: I stan!

Commenter F: K

Minion of life: Nigerians just love being poor sha. Like… WTF! I cannot understand how they have not all registered for this course. See this is an amazing success story, she just wants to help all you twats! This is a young woman who started selling underwear at five years old and now she is ahffsgwjsklwbxhjvutgyuwhslkmslmnj…
.
.

Two months later…

Clout chaser: OK. Because I really really really want Nigerians to be rich like me, I am opening my courses for free. All you need to do is register on my website and watch my videos.

Commenter J: Yas sis!

Commenter K: Go, girl!

Commenter L: I stan.

Commenter F: K
.
.

*PS: Minion-of-life is obviously a family member*

Phew!

Ki lon wa ka ki ri?

I cannot understand wealthy people who badger the “poor”. You mock, you troll, you scold people who don’t have as much as you.

Yet you are reluctant to scrutiny, unprepared for proper intellectual discussion on your wealth. You are averse to criticism, you are uncomfortable with the tearing to bits of your process of making money.

You just want the cheers. You want the acknowledgement without the weight of your substance evaluated.

What makes this a form of clout-chasing is the need to pretend that you are doing the rest of the world a favour by being, by existing, by breathing, by living amongst us.

This level of delusion is something that needs to be written for screen – for laughs, for pure entertainment.