# Rant1655


June 9, 2019

Dear Entrepreneurs,

When you create an office, always remember the Introverts.

They want quiet. They want space. They do not want to build chummy relationships with colleagues.

They want to be alone. They like to think, so create an organisation where people learn to keep the noise down.

Introverts do not want to chat after work. Unless it has to do with work. 

By jove, they don't want WhatsApp as a fun place to hang out as a team! No. No. Please. Save WhatsApp only for work.

Introverts don't want anything except to deliver excellent work, then go home.

They don't mind late night calls but it has to be about work.

The idea of bringing people together to bond after work is so intrusive.

If we are hanging out at a bar every last Friday of the month, that's fine. But the daily ambition to make everybody friends in a workplace is an encroachment on personal space.

And frankly, the result of social camaraderie amongst employees hurts the company.

Workers need to be able to report or call out colleagues without fear of ruining a friendship forced on them by the company.

Stop trying to make intrapreneurs in an organisation friends.

Encourage strong independent individuals in the office. Promote teamwork - that is very different from friendship.

Let people be, abeg!

The goal is to build the company by building the best out of every employee.

Let adults decide if they want to get to know each other more... or not. 
.

When you build a company, always remember to make it comfortable for the Introverts.

We are weird, yes.

People don't fully understand us, yes.

But who we are and what we demand in the workplace are valid.

Thank you.

Credit: @joybewaji