# Rant1684



July 2, 2019

As an intern in an organisation, it is up to you to assert yourself. 

Nobody is going to give you any opportunity worth your while. Nobody is obliged to make you better if you don't show enthusiasm. 

No one is going to tell you what to do. And if they see you are not very useful, they'll turn you to the errand girl/boy.

So get up and join the brainstorming session, even if you weren't invited by the account strategist or CEO.

Drag your seat closer to where the real work is happening. 

Contribute to the process. Say something smart in line with the creative discussions.

Hang around a lot more.

Get to know the clients.

Volunteer whatever you have to assist in achieving a seamless team work. 

Help with coffee and water, of course...

But most importantly be a more knowledgable person. Let the organisation and its ethos work through you. 
.

If you are an intern in a creative organisation, you are in luck!

Trust me, it will change your life... if you let it.

The brainstorming... ah! The brainstorming sessions - never miss them.

Watch how people tear ideas into shreds.

Watch how ideas are thrown out the window with just a smirk.

Watch egos bruised (😂😂😂).

And watch how concepts are made, built, nurtured and executed. 

Watch and be awed.

It may be the most memorable experience of your life. 

As an intern, you see all of this from an advantageous position like an outsider...

An outsider with a front seat ticket to watch the best intellectual wrestling there is.

Do not waste your life sitting like a shy princess by the corner of the wall.

Nobody gives a fvck (except the person wants to fvck you, which at that point is none of our business 🤷🏽‍♀️)

Nobody will force you to learn.

Nobody will invite you to the table. 

Invite yourself. 

Grab your seat and join the team.

Ask questions. Take notes. Learn more about the industry. 

If you meet a female boss in the organisation, know that she is not your mate. She has worked hard for years. Check her career chart.

You both have breasts and ass, yes. That is all you have in common (since we always like to weigh women's essense on physical attributes).

She is not your mate.

Go into organisations with a clear head on what you plan to achieve. Know who to get closer to for your own growth. 

Internship is an experience many Africans waste doing nothing that improves their lives.
.

You know why they send you to buy amala?

The reason is, you are just sitting there, poking your phone, smiling into a WhatsApp chat.

It's a boy, isn't it? It's a boy taking all your time. 

Or a girl (if it's a male intern). 

Both of you are goats.