# Rant1914


December 11, 2019

Only Nigerians say...

"Let's make money and leave this country". 

Europeans don't talk like that. Americans don't talk like that. Not even African Americans who seem disadvantaged. 

People don't think of alternatives when it comes to fixing their country, no matter how helpless they feel. 

But for Nigerians it has become the only way we think - making money and disappearing is the Nigerian dream. 

Throw inna bit of "hustle oo!" and the starter pack is complete. 
.

You have entrepreneurs bragging about milking the ignorance of millions of people, and holding "Masteclasses" to pretend to teach others how to make that kind of insane money off ignorance...

Because they know the Nigerian holds no dignity, and even the poorest of us worship money.

So as long as you have money, they will listen to you. It would not matter that you made it from poisoning them or lying to them.

Of course, third-world capitalism has to be disrespectful and in your face.
.
.

The entire idea of getting rich is meant to be a humbling experience. 

It is meant to make you a better person. 

It is suppposed to be the moment where the veil is pulled off your eyes and you see that nothing really changes, except nicer clothes and the opportunity to travel more..  and make more money.

Nothing really changes.

You're still an inscure bag of beans. Farting off arrogance and leaving the stench behind.

It will come to you one day, whilst chilling in your first class flight that your life - the essence of it - didn't really change because you have more money...

That, right there, is the moment you become rich...

That is the moment of affluence. Where you begin to think of how to genuinely help others and change your community, which in essence changes the world.

Your wealth crushes your ego and begins to tell you what you can teach with wealth. 

And teaching people how to make money like you is not the mission.

That's still your ego. 

Real wealth teaches humility. 

You let it happen to you... like the word of God.

It will happen. On the toilet seat or on the plane. It should happen.

But... not Nigerians.
.

I believe wealthy people should have more humility than others. Because to be submissive to the world is something you become out of gratitude.

And what should a poor man be grateful for - his life? His family? Fair enough. 

Let him worry about Dignity. Preserving his integrity in a world that wants to steal it from him and make him a conspirator of greed.

Let the rich be humble. 

How Nigerians cannot understand this is beyond me.

White people don't struggle with this.

African Americans do, because they suffer the most discrimination.

But what is the excuse of the rich Nigerian to be continuously vile, belittling, and conceited?

How can you be dragging the bottom feeder of social culture with others?

Have you no respect for your toil? No regard for the wealth you can use to change your society?