# Rant1823


September 27, 2019

Someone is in my inbox singing...

"Joy, as long as the married woman does not falter. And as long as her husband trusts her, she can go on a vacation with another man."

😂😂😂😂

They all sound like they are about to do something honourable for the institution of marriage.

I keep telling you women (that) no matter where you stand, Patriarchy will fvck you up.

You are a disgrace  

You have no honour. 

You are at the very bottom of the chain.

And I am sorry for you.

That a man as vile and misogynistic as Francis would write with the tip of his p*nis and get you all this excited, defending his disrespectful proposal, citing a 1994 movie to buttress his point... 

It shows how very little you think of yourself, your husband and your marriage. 

He wants to slap the face of your husband with N700k.

What the fvck is N700k?!!

How much is a trip to Venice?

Why are you people so useless?

You are not poor. You are greedy and dishonorable.

You have hated women like Toke Makinwa and other slay queens for so long, you have forgotten what it feels like to be a woman. 

A vile man writes one post, and you all start to scribble with your nipples.

I told you Patriarchy will shame you.

This is your turn. 

And what a low budget shame!

I mean, the entire experience is not up to N5m.

N5m is nothing. 

Even if you don't have it, it is still nothing.
.

Let me say that again...

Even if you do not have N5m, it is still nothing. 

Why?

Because this is not a business proposal. You are not going to have the money in your hands.

The money is the price of an experience with a man that is not your husband.

An experience you have never had with your husband. Because if your husband can afford to take you to Venice, you won't be here defending shit.

Then afterwards - after you have that experience with Francis, he will throw the change at your husband! 

And you can continue with your marriage 😂

And you all defend this.
.

This man is still subbing his Ex, by the way.

You are so desperate, you want to go on a vacation with a swine.

You have no honour.

You must feel really ugly about yourself to accept this. 

Hypocrites.

From bashing side chicks and slay queens to becoming a rash on Francis' balls.

You make it so easy for misogynists to thrive. 

Tueh.