# Rant1435



January 13, 2019

Someone tagged me on Instagram. 

Look at what our children are reading in school.

All the money we pay, just so our daughters are told to "serve men and ensure they are happy".

This is 2019!!!

This is the education they are receiving. 

This is what we permit in a country where everyone is fighting to get rich and no one is paying attention to what they feed our children.

This is us in 2019!

Do you know what they are teaching 12 year olds in advanced societies?

Why is this acceptable?

Why do schools and teachers allow this madness continue? They are the ones in direct contact with these materials. Why don't they write to the Ministry and insist on new knowlegde?

Why am I part of a society that is so backwards?

Why are we doing this???
.

Schools employ just any teacher!

Some of these teachers go into a classroom and brag about how they ensure their wives and children stay submissive... in essence trying to spread fear amongst their students (true story!).

Why should fear exist in a learning institution? Why?!

And you will find their female colleagues agreeing to this nonsense. Don't rock the boat.

I don't even care what an adult does in his own home or what another adult allows in her life...

BUT I am tired of these kind of textbooks! And I am tired of people projecting their insecurities and ignorance on children!

What kind of society is this???

There are no checks.
.

And this is why an alternative method to learning is very important to me.

This is one of the reasons I set up TAAC.

For instance, there's something wrong when a billionaire woman panders to patriarchy. It is bad education. It is patriarchy and its shackles on display. 

These people continue to produce their kind.

So it is important that we also produce our kind - rebellious to standard backward norms.

And this textbook is one of the reasons. Religious, cultural and social norms all come together to validate the Patriarchy. 

I have told my children many times, "Let my life be your ultimate Education."

Do not allow your children pander unintelligently to patriarchy. 

Because if you are not rebellious in a country like Nigeria, then you are part of the problem. You accept this society as it is.
.

So when we come across this nonsense in textbooks or we share any gist about teachers... we laugh.

Because as young as they are, THEY KNOW balderdash. 

And if they are not so sure, because they are impressionable, the minute they see me, they are reminded to throw away all that education that adds no benefit to their lives as girls... as humans.
.

There's no immediate remedy to Nigeria.

Don't wait for this country. 

Be your child's teacher. 

Live in the the truth that they can see and embrace.

Fack organised education in Nigeria!
