# Rant1718


July 23, 2019

Imagine a young, respectable award-winning female writer and speaker in America accuse an establishment like Big Brother franchise of employing an alleged sexual predator as the voice of its reality show...

CNN will talk about it. It will, at least, dig for news, for "convenient" truth.

Established media figures will ask for the Big Brother establishment to take responsibility.

Feminists will FIERCELY ask for the boycott of the reality show.

The online society will start a somewhat INTELLIGENT conversation. 

A group will rise to condemn the debauchery of the show.

Things will happen. Tempers will rise. Lawyers will get involved even though it will be difficult to prosecute the alleged offender, conversations will be active to protect a gender...

And most importantly, the Big Brother establishment will express its stand against sexual assault. It will pretend to care. 

Some sponsors will pull out of the show. 

It may cause for the pause of the show as a pretend performance, as they get another voice to replace the alleged sexual offender.

As a capitalist venture, it will exploit the situation from the edge of conscience. 

Yes, it is not altruistic by any measure, but it is a performance that will assure a gender, to some degree, the importance of her voice.
.
.

But what will not happen is this lukewarm acceptance of the status quo that we suffer here. 

What will not happen is the easy continuation of the show without probe or question or care.

A civilised society will not ignore the voice of a writer and activist with up to 2 million views (accumulated blog views) on her Ted Talk - an unsponsored video of pure passion and genius.

A society with discerning members will not ignore an Olutimehin Adegbeye. 

This woman has confidently stated consistently for a few years that she was sexually assaulted by a figure who is the voice of Big Brother.

This figure also runs a show on Ebony Live TV. 

For a moment of clout, Ebony Live TV made a statement assuring all that it will look into the matter.

It's been a year now, I think. 

The show is still on. They did nothing we are aware of.

And life goes on as women mock and jeer at Olutimehin for witchcraft, trying to bring their MCM down... And men questioning her sexual history.

This is our life in countries like Nigeria. 

This is our reality. 

I worry greatly for our ten year old daugdaug