# Rant1834



October 5, 2019

I mean...

MI is a good rapper, no doubt...

But I just can't seem to look past his lame opinions every time something deep happens!

He always (ALWAYS!) comes off sounding like a coward.

I always feel like throwing an over-sized blouse over his head, let it swallow his entire being. 

From xenophobia to any real topic that affects people's dignity, MI sits on the fence.

It's not diplomacy, it's cowardice.
.

So yes, he murdered Vector in this rap war. 

But if a war really starts - the war on SARS or xenophobia, heck even a voice to speak for the voiceless on any issue...

You will do better with a Vector or even a Ruggedman speaking for victims. 
.

We attribute rap music to strength, power and a healthy level of braggadocio. 

Rap is disruptive. That's what makes it so good.

You want your biggest representation of rap music to be one or two things:

A multi-millionaire or a rebel.

MI is none.

It'll take someone from the back door to spit better rhymes and MI would be pulled to a backseat.

It is too easy to "overthrow" a man who stands for nothing in the thick of "war".

And if MI is somewhat your best rapper (which he is)... it is annoying (so annoying!) when he comes with those weak tweets of kumbaya when lives are burned and destroyed. 

He was playing safe cards with AKA and looking like a man trying to protect his bread, when even Tiwa was burning bridges and cancelling shows and standing strongly against xenophobia.

I mean... away from rap, does any woman want a man like that in her life?

That's even going too far... do you want a friend like that?!

The always-playing-safe nigga. Afraid-of-rocking-the-boat nigga.

Nah.
.

Good rap though. Whatever 🙄