# Rant1935


December 31, 2019

Women who wax lyrical about their willingness to kneel for a "good man" as a sign of romance... 

These women will still not find good men.

Why?

-Because there's no good man alive who wants you to kneel for him as a sign of whatever.

Fvcking pick-mes!

Think! For once in your pick-me lives, think! And hear how dumb you sound.
.

Good men do not need you to be small to show love, romance or appreciation.

Kneeling is a sign of subservience. So don't come here and talk that mess about, "kneeling down for your man doesn't take anything away from you. You stoop to conquer yaga yugu yigi."

The tragedy of these pick-mes is that... they still will not find premium men even when they are willing to lick his anus.

Isn't that pathetic?

What a great affliction!
.
.

You are trying to sell your wife material at N5,000...

Premium niggaas are not your customers. 

I'm sorry.

The men who will accept a woman to kneel as a sign of romance are coming to price your market at N2,300.

These are the men you attract with your promotional pick-me strategy of always telling us how humble and homely you are willing to be in a relationship. 
.

Dear pick-mes...

If you do find a man, he'd be made for your kind of woman - the man who would like you to serve his food on your knees because he bought you frozen chicken and a bottle of wine.

You'd be perfect for each other.

The rest of us don't want him. We don't care about him.

None of us on this side of the divide would ever wish for a relationship like that.

Best to buy a puppy.