# Rant1667


June 19, 2019

Facebook Court:

Case: Drug peddler

Verdict: This is plain jealousy. Did she kill anyone? Did she? Why don't you focus on the corruption that allows people to be corrupt instead of going after a burriful mother of ten for trying to survive.
(PS: This shit would have been sad if wasn't so damn hilarious!)
.

Case: Single mothers celebrating double-duty on Fathers' Day.

Verdict: Useless women. Witches. Narcissists. It will not be well with these women who dare to call themselves fathers. Fucking losers. How are we sure they did not stop the fathers from loving their children. Fuck you.
.
.
.

This is my verdict, especially to women who say this shit...

You are a disgrace. Shame on you and everything you represent.

You do not have a life anywhere as beautiful as some single mothers do.

I left a marriage 11 years ago.

My marriage was poor, it made me bored. It had everything to do with patriarchy - when a man with very little ideas will not listen to a woman with many ideas... because "head of the house".

If my children remained in that marriage, they'd be in public schools with no toilets where teachers sell fake jewellery during break time.

My life as a single parent is 100% richer, better, more beautiful than a Nigerian marriage can offer.

I have lived and earned and worked and travelled to places that marriage could only dream of.

All of you talking shit about single mothers are in marriages like the one I used to have. 

You are poor - in mind, in health and in your gaddamn pocket.

Again, from the bottom of my heart, Fuck You.

That you have a husband that buys you shower cap to cover your hair when you shower is cute...

We have boyfriends who pay expensive school fees and take us on trips that sums up in six figures, bitch!

And if we break up with them, we will gladly continue from where they stopped by ourselves, for ourselves. 

I am alive at this point in time to redefine what Single Mother is...

Bitch, your children will discard you and your husband and choose me as their only parent if they knew me and had to choose.

Imagine any Nigerian married woman talking at all... 

You think we don't know you?

You. Think. We. Don't. Know. Your. Life?!

Gerrarahia!!!

I will stuff you with carbon monoxide right on this wall, since you want to be toxic. 

Nothing has upset me like that Fathers' Day bullying in a long time.

You made Prisca terribly unhappy, she had to log out of Facebook.

What was her crime: She always loved to send those double-duty posts to remind herself and her kind that we are still here. And our stories are valid.

Sigh.
.

Fuck you and the cliques that make you so twisted in your judgments. 

You are a disgrace. 
.

I'm done.

We do this again next year if you stand in our way.
.

PS: Watch out for their silly, disgusting rejoinders.