# Rant1762



August 18, 2019

I don't understand children.

I opened a new plastic bottle of vegetable oil to make french fries, chicken sausages and eggs...

When it was time for the girls to wash plates and pan after breakfast, one of them poured the oil down the sink and washed the pan.

Talkmbout "I thought you won't use it again."

😡😡😡

WTF! It's brand new vegetable oil! Are you sleepwalking?!

"I wasn't aware it was new."

You say?!

"Did you not see it shinning like the sun? Is that how you throw grandma's oil away? Won't she make barbecue with your heads if you tried it?" I screamed.

My vegetable oil! Flushed away like dirty water!

How many times do I get to cook that my brand new oil - still glistening like gold - will be wasted?

They won't try it in their grandmother's house with her 5-year old used oil as brown as coffee oo.
.
.

I just realised I have no adequate "punishment" for this type of error.

As a matter of fact, I have no punishment at all. We talk about everything.

But this particular issue deserves some kind of discipline fa!

What am I supposed to do?

Err... take N2k off their pocket money?

Kai. They'll just go scot free like this?

Not fair.

This modern parenting needs a special app. So when kids annoy you, you click the app on your phone, type your children's names, and it will effect a sound knock on their heads on our behalf. 

Since we are too civilised to be knocking heads... especially when the kids are taller than you.

Kai! My oil!

I will get my revenge.