# Rant1899


November 26, 2019

I remember the first time I watched Funmi Iyanda on television. I was a young lady living with her mother. I was in the kitchen making my breakfast while my mother was getting ready to leave for work.

I heard the voice of a woman. I have never heard a voice so… alive!

This was NTA, and everyone sounded like a hum - a whirring sound of unhappiness. Uhmmmmmm!

This voice was different. For a moment, I thought a visitor walked into the house – probably an aunt, an excitable relative.

The voice was "familiar" even though I didn’t have any aunt with that much wit.

I moved quickly to the living room, teaspoon in my hand, and there she was in my screen – Funmi, feeling at home, and having a chat with Ruff ‘n’ Tumble’s CEO, Adenike Ogunlesi.

I sat on the couch, forgot all about breakfast. My mum joined me, all dressed for work. We watched in silence, but we knew there was something familiar about Funmi.

I knew what it was – it was a familiar feeling of unorthodoxy. My mother and I embraced it in different ways.
.

A few years later, When I got married and had my first baby, I sent a copy of my community magazine to Funmi at NTA 10. She read it, called me in and invited me to join her and other ladies on the show every week.

I was timid, buried in fright, and invisible on screen. I contributed nothing to that show! 😂

But I showed up every week just to sit next to Funmi.

That was enough for me.

Of course the viewers wouldn’t understand that. They probably worried about me – how removed I was from a show that accepted me with open arms.

I felt so unworthy. My impostor syndrome cuddled me warmly.

Yes, Funmi kept this mannequin (that is me, of course) on the show for up to a year, hoping I would embrace who I really was.

I finally did, but that was years later. On my own. Quietly. When I was tired of being afraid.
.

When I think of how bold I have become, I remember Funmi Iyanda reading my articles in my community magazine and smiling…

“You write so well.”

Trust me, nobody writes like Funmi Iyanda. I died a happy death every time she told me I was good.

I am good.

And like Funmi, I am not waiting for an event to happen in my life. I am the event that is to happen.

I am here. I am happening.

This is me – flesh, bone and blood; spirit, truth, and a god.

I am.

Thank you, Funmi
.

What inspired this? Oh! I just saw a picture of her a minute ago, looking like the woman fully aware of her right to take up space…

And I remember.

❤