# Rant1910


December 9, 2019

Imagine Tiwa Savage or Teni waiting for a foreign colleague at the lobby of the hotel the said colleague is staying when she arrives Nigeria.

I mean...

Who manages the PR and branding of these Ghanaian stars?

Celebrities are welcomed into a country by little girls in pretty tiaras, holding bouquets of flowers, not by grown ass indigenous celebs.

The celebs will meet her at the first place of duty. Not at the lobby of her hotel, or poolside acting brand new.
.

Shatta wale, one of Ghana's biggest stars, has been playing the role of a troll since yesterday. Too excited to even pretend to be polished. Shaming his people, mocking the entire situation. 

Imagine Davido mocking an event CONTINUOUSLY all day!

It will never happen.

How a country (Ghana) can be the biggest brand in West Africa yet be so burdened with low esteem, continues to baffle me.

Nigeria is struggling with basic facilities... YET Lagosians will carry the flaws of a failed country in one hand, and the courage of hope and industry in the other hand...

And they will STAND. They will STAND with the greatest of men anywhere in the world! Overflowing with confidence that makes everyone else uncomfortable. Loud and proud and authentic.

But a country that has more to offer the world, according to its development, is still timid.

No chutzpah. Nothing!

You have people throwing bottles on stage just before Cardi B's performance...

Organizers begging you to stop. 

Haba!!!

Is it not the same Cardi B that had a hella good time in Lagos without judgements?

How a child can have pancakes and oats for breakfast and still be burdened with a fragile sense of self... yet another child who drinks only garri with no sugar or milk is full of courage and pride, shows the irony of life. 

Do better next time, Ghana.

This had to be said.
.
.
.

PS: Let me bless my timeline with Cardi B in Nigeria's colours, abeg. I've been cringing all morning.