# Rant1452


January 16, 2019

Someone sent a very interesting question to my inbox.

"Hi, Joy. Would you say serial monogamy affected your father's businesses and legacy?"
.

My answer is No.

It was not the women who ruined his businesses.

I have to make that very clear.

No woman ruined my father. 

HIS FAMILY DID!

Brothers, sisters, relatives!

Those were the entitled folks who ruined his labour.

And that is why I have no kind of relationship with anyone apart from my older brother and my mother. 

Serial monogamy is brilliant. It helps you stay honest. You focus on what you want at the moment. It keeps your soul alive because you allow yourself explore interesting relationships with women without being disrespectful because they are with you for the moment you both agree to be together.

It is smart. It takes away the burden of any social construct that doesn't align with your personal desires.

It kills the unnecessary pressure of monogamy. 

There is no room for jealousy. It provides better understanding of love and what you are willing to give. It gives you room to be who you are willing to become. And also better insight to sexual/romantic needs. 

And you don't even have to cheat, you see? -Because you are not promising anybody forever!

You don't have to become a chore in this world.

You learn how to negotiate romance better. How to please better.

Serial monogamy gives you the opportunity to end a relationship when it's no longer fulfilling.

You have choices in this world, abeg.

I don't care what anyone says.

Of course, this is not for everyone. But if you don't fit into a construct, stop killing yourself. You have just one life.

I doubt my father has any regrets about how he loved and whom he loved. I'm sure he remembers his love life with a smile. He had a rich experience and I am happy for him.

I always knew when he was "in love". He was alive!

Why wouldn't I want that for my father?

F*ck social construct! People should define their own happiness.

So no! No woman ruined my father. 

It was HIS family who ruined his businesses.

Do not underestimate the intelligence of a man who can turn over millions and millions of his money into vast businesses. 

Women do not get to ruin these kind of men. What they give for love is nothing close to what they are worth. It doesn't matter how much it is.

If he is giving you N20m as a lover. He is probably worth $200m.

But family... sigh!

Family sneaks in and wraps you up in guilt. So you keep giving them opportunities, and they keep f*cking up. They penetrate like worms and cause a rot.

I decided very young I would not give my father any grief by becoming as needy as the rest of them.

Cheers.
.

PS: I used the pronoun "she" because I'm speaking about the romantic needs of a heterosexual male, my father.  Any gender can explore serial monogamy.