# Rant1796



September 6, 2019

My mum is Igbo.

100% full-blooded igbo woman without compromise.
.

When I was a child, my mother talked endlessly about Igbos as the most enterprising, the most resourceful, hardworking, progressive and ambitious ethnic group in Nigeria.

She praised Igbos as if someone was fighting with her. You know, defensively.

She was, and still is, very protective of her people. As she should. 
.
.

When I was, say, 12 years old - after years of watching my mother wax lyrical about the exceptional drive and business pursuits and extraordinary goals and inventiveness of the Igbos...

I was asked by my visiting maternal uncle where I would like to travel for the holidays.

It was the long holiday, and my uncle wanted to hear me say America or Europe. 

 But I responded thus...

"I will like to travel to the East."

"You mean Southeast Europe?"

"No. I want to visit South East of Nigeria."

My mother looked at me...

"Why would you want to visit the East in Nigeria when you can go to any East in the world?! What is wrong with you?"

As per Igbo woman, she don begin vex 🤷🏽‍♀️

"Because I expect the East in Nigeria to be the most amazing place in Nigeria and Africa! Mummy always talks about how hardworking and ambitious Igbos are - no other tribe comes close. I cannot wait to see the great things they have done in that part of the country - the skyscrapers, the shopping centers, the amusement parks..." 

I said, very excitedly. I had pictured how beautiful the East would look. I dreamt of it. I was so certain nothing in Africa would come close...

After all, I had heard it all my 12 years of life, that they were the real deal.
.

My mum and uncle were quiet.

Oya answer nah?

*crickets*

You mean Lagos has more shiznit going on?

Shouldn't South East be the Dubai of Africa with all the eulogy this woman sprayed all over the house while I was a child?
.
.

No one: 

Absolutely no one:

My mum: I am an Igbo woman. We are very industrious. We are the best.
.
.

Oya take me to the East nah! I want to see the land of this greatness. 

You know, the mind of a child. I had to see it for myself 😀

*more crickets* 😂
.
.

In all honesty, I wasn't trying to mock anyone.

I was a kid. And I believed from all that bragging, the East would be the ish.

You know?