# Rant1664


June 17, 2019

Let me get this straight...

You woke up on Fathers' Day with one aim in mind...

Troll/insult single mothers who would dare celebrate their role as the sole provider of their child(ren).

Are you not a sociopath?

You shame single mothers because they dare to celebrate themselves on Fathers' Day?!

You wake up to warn women to back off. You insult them in advance for what you think MAY happen.

Tsk tsk.

Is it ever that deep?!

Of all the struggles in the world to throw your weight on, you chose to be the defender of Fathers-only-on-fathers-day.
.

Do you know why you feel the need to defend Fathers all the time?

It is because a good number of them are lagging behind in their duties as parents!

Patriarchy ensures that!

So fvck you!!!

I have taken care of two children for 10 years!

There was so much I couldn't achieve in my 30s because I had to balance a career, a talent and being at home with my children!!!

I had to rebel in my 40s and break free from clingy motherhood! I have dreams, abeg!
If not for rebellion, all my dreams will be delayed, or never fulfilled. 

And their father is not dead!

This is the story of many women.

Again, FUCK YOU very much!!!

Y'all ain't shit! 

Fuck you and your desire to shame!

Azzin... fuck you and your mudafuckin' crew!

All of you are not up to the thumb of the struggling single mother selling Ugu on the street to see her four children to school.

Fvck you!
.
.

On that note, I salute all the single mothers out there trying to make sense of work, skill and motherhood.

I've been there, my sistahs! I've been there!

You too will rise above it all. Give it time.

Celebrate yourself every day... and twice on Fathers' Day!
.
.

Allow me to salute my darling and my friend - The Boyfriend.

I was in Ghana during my kids' midterm. He brought them an entire month's provision, picked them up from my mother's house and took them back to school after the break, with enough to last them for a month!

He has paid their school fees THRICE!

Two kids, private boarding school... we are talking about alot of money!

Remember their father is not dead oo!
.

Fuck all of you and your obsession to silence our stories!
.
.
.

F.U.C.K. Y.O.U!!!