# Rant1901


December  3, 2019

I remember.

My father's wife's sister's daughter (let's call her Ruth) had a best friend in the neighbourhood...

A girl (let's call her Bam) with eyes hungry for adventure.

They were both freshly out of their teens - 20 year olds, I think. Maybe 21.

I was in my early 20s too. Always minding my business. Never interested in anything or anyone longer than a minute. 

Their friendship was full of laughter that I didn't care about.

I was staying in my dad's house because my new job was closer to his place than my mum's. 

Dad, however, had moved out. He was living in a penthouse he built for himself atop his shopping mall at Ajangbadi.

His wife kept the mansion, and entertained any of his children who wanted their own living space in the mansion. 

She wasn't intolerable, and the house was big enough to make everyone inconsequential and invisible, which was perfect for me.
.

One night I returned from work. It was dark, except a candle in the living room. My steps were quiet, it was probably my comfortable flats.

I got to the living room, and found Ruth and Bam making out - kissing, touching each other's breasts...

Bam's hand was inside Ruth's skirt. Ruth was moaning, dying a delicious death.

I took one look at them. Bam's eyes caught me. I turned and left the room.

I felt nothing. 

I wasn't excited. I wasn't disgusted.

I just didn't care.

And I never said a word.

It wasn't predatory. They were young girls. They were none of my business.

I wasn't emotionally invested in that family. 

It would have been such delicious gist to share with my half-siblings, especially in a polygamous home. 

But I couldn't gather any emotions to even pretend to care.
.

I remembered it this morning, and I laughed to myself.

I had the silence and insouciance of a serial killer in my 20s.

😂😂😂