# Rant1552



March 18, 2019

The Nigerian Church is obsessed with our private parts.

Let Japan create a dimensional elevator that can transport you from one floor to another in the blink of an eye...

Let America continue to develop the finest intelligence in the world, advancing space technology...

Let South Korea grow the largest electronics business in the world...

Let Germany brag about military technology and medical inventions..

Let China continue to shock the world as the king of technology...

Let England continue to produce the best scientific papers...

Let Sweden be famous for its innovation in the field of mobile technology...
.

Nigerians don't care about any of these. 

They just want to marry.

They go to church every other day to hear a pastor tell them...

"Men likes segz. And because segz is a dime a dozen, men are not getting married anymore. Women you have to lock up your lady parts so you can marry."

LMAO!

It would have been sad if it weren't so damn funny.

Why would any sane woman want to get married under these kind of circumstances?

When are you people going to have small sense?

When?!

Look at Nigeria! Nothing is working! Yet you have your torchlight inside the v*gina of women, monitoring its activities. 

What part of your Bible excuses the sexual immorality of men and burdens only the woman with the responsibility of chastity?

Is God going to judge "men liking segz" differently from "women liking segz"?

Why are we still on this silly topic in 2019?!!! Why is this even a topic in 2019 in a country without potable water.

What is wrong with you people, for God's sake!

Aaaargh!!!

It is painful that I am part of this society. 

As in... I feel the pain in my bones. 

It is painful.

Tueh.