# Rant1616


May 2, 2019

I don't get close to people, because familiarity is a biatch.

I'm trying to be more sociable because I'm moving out of a country I have spent all my life, to a place I have no idea what is waiting.

It is a lot of effort from my part to let down my guard. Everyone needs support at some point. Someone to believe in them.

I am at that point. 

And I always make people understand that I am not a leech. I will deliver. But you have to give it a chance. And you will not disrespect me. You will not use this oppprtunity to think of me as less important because, in some ways, I am in a vulnerable position. No!

I will not let anyone get away with it.

I am a gift to any organisation. An asset to anyone's life. I bring value and enthusiasm to the table. I know this. 

And I know that this knowing is something that offends people. They want to break you. You know, rattle your confidence. 

How dare you think you are all that?! How about I withdraw my support and see how much your pride will cost?!

It's Black insecurity. And it's deep shit.

They need you on the level of a maid.

On the level of always being grateful for the exchange of your ideas and contribution for their so-called financial investment/support.

It is probably one of the reasons Africans don't grow as a continent.

We are not interested in people's ideas/growth as much as we are concerned about their humility.

The white man doesn't care about your humility. 

We want people to worship us. Or worship the people in our lives.

And I am not signing up to that bullsh*t.

I am not rude. But I am not humble.

You don't need my subservience to build anything. You need my ideas. You need me to work!

I don't even have to like you! 

But we are Africans, and this is how we know how to treat people.

We judge others abilities on how low they can bury their heads when our family members walk by.

We are not sincerely looking to develop others or the continent...

Our interest is in building a throne from the backs of people.

And I mean backs, literally. 

We need people to bow, bend their backs until it is a curve... so we can sit on it, with our spouses and family members by our side.

We want to be kings with servants who are faithful. We want them to always remember who is boss... who has the wand to end all the blessings in their lives.

That is the real ambition of the black man.

That is why we are where we are.

The tenor of our culture is to tamper with the amour propre of the next person. Strip their self-respect to shreds and have a good laugh at how easily it is to accomplish something so despicable.

That is the only thing we really care about.

And our sociopathic nature allows us to obsess over their breaking, the consequences of our actions, until we are belly-full of their downfall.

I'm shocked people don't really understand these things. It's psychology, really. 

Well-dressed and eloquent psychopathy of the black man.

They will not invest in you no matter how good the ideas... no matter how brilliant you are... no matter how smart you approach work.

Why?

They can't forget how you didn't greet, with enthusiasm, their better-half when s/he visited the office.

We are not leaving under-development anytime soon.

Our issues are many.
.
.

I know I will meet some of these things where I am heading to.

My principles remain the same...

I am not humble. I am not interested in your life beyond work. I am not interested in your spouse unless s/he is part of the process. I do not bow. I am not subservient. 

I have great ideas and greater abilities to execute these ideas. That's it.

Let's do this. Or let's not do it. Fine!

I am OK with any answer that does not strip me of my dignity. 

I have survived this far. I have thrived even. My principles do not fail me.

Thanks.