# Rant1835


October 6,2019

Inside Life…

News: Woman beaten by husband, suffers partial blindness.

Nigerian Respondents (NR): See ehn, no matter what anybody says, no matter what anybody goes through in their marriage, we must marry and we will be happy. Amen.

.

News: 9 year old girl raped by 70 year old gateman.

NR: Baba thing still dey stand? Na wa.

.

News: Father abandons four children with jobless wife. Threatens to disown them.

NR: That is why women should work and earn their own money. No time for rada rada. God will judge sha.

.

News: Pastor rapes member.

NR: People need to get out of the bondage of religion. God epp us.

.

News: Toke Makinwa advises women to upset their men and send nudes afterwards.

NR: My God!!! What a witch!! Men are really suffering! Stop dating mentally unstable women! This is just evil! See what men are putting up with! See the witchcraft men have to live with!!! May God help every man out there. No destruction shall befall the male gender. Chai! Men are really going through a lot.

.

Real issues are handled with kid gloves… but a woman’s personal crazy method to getting attention is treated with the severity of a criminal.

Everything mentioned here is a crime EXCEPT Toke’s method to seeking attention from her man.

But Toke’s personal crazy attention-seeking banter, carries more weight than rapists and scoundrels. 

In the eyes of a warped society, Toke is a more vicious human being than real criminals.

We approach crimes mainly committed by men with less bitterness than we do bants orchestrated by women. 

Eeyah! Poor men suffering and suffering anyhow in the hands of women who want to destroy their lives by sending them nude pictures. Innocent things. Poor victims, these men.

Chai oo!