# Rant1883


November 12, 2919

People are dumb on social media.

Dumb!
.
.

We have always known that rape happens to children and women...

But should we ever stop showing outrage when a new incident happens?

No!

That is what it means to be human.

You shouldn't get used to it to a point that it doesn't rile you up.

Never.
.
.

We have heard that women jazz pots of soup every day. 

I heard this shit when I was a kid. The one I heard was the washing of the v*gina in the pot of soup.

Should my knowledge of it ever stop the outrage just because we've heard it before?

Of course not. 

Dumb and dumber.

When stories come out, we should be concerned...

Else you can carry your skull to the jungle and live like a chimpanzee... except chimpanzees don't even practice jazz.

This practice is beneath animals.

There's no point where it makes sense.
.
.

Somewhere right now, someone is being robbed... someone has lost a mother due to poor medical assistance... someone is bribing an official... someone is being sexually assaulted... someone is seeking justice for some kind of unfair treatment.

These things happen every day... but when they happen again, we will show outrage.
.

Now to e-feminists... sigh.

If you are going to approach Patriarchy with "who e go pain pass"... Patriarchy will mess you up, you will be left with a burnt ass.

The entire idea of your movement shouldn't promote some form of vengeance against men.

You will never win. 

I don't even like men! I don't like women either...

But I know what is right, even if it is an unpopular opinion.

Feminism shouldn't erase bad behaviour of women just because men run wild under Patriarchy.

What is the struggle gan gan? What is your fight?

You are mocking men now, because you can...

They mock you and your pain every day, because they can. 

So what makes you better than them?

Must feminists talk? Must they have an opinion about everything, especially if they lack empathy?

It's not like y'all even like yourselves - from Nigeria to Ghana - vile humans.
.

Today we are talking about menstral blood in stews... and women are laughing. 

Tomorrow we'll be talking about domestic violence - a badass slap across a woman's face... and men will shrug and say she probably deserves it.

And what does your femisnism do?

It waits for the day a woman will do something as vile as what it perceives a man would do or what it believes a man deserves... then it celebrates.

We all can't be stupid. 

I stand with no one. I really don't care beyond the incident itself.

There's no time in our lives when we should shrug off the idea of cooking with a lump of blood just because we perceive men to be wicked.

You think men are mean?

Go and check the stats on lesbian relationships...

You'll realise people act according to the power they wield.

Violence and injustice is not done by men. Rape is not done by men.

These unjust treatments are done by POWER.

This is patriarchy and men have the power.

And when women occupy power, they do exactly what we accuse men of doing.

We are all the worst of us.

If all women become men with measurable physical strength, and all men become women with lesser strength...

The world will still record rape and violence EVERY DAY. Probably even more than we witness currently.

Power not gender. So when we talk about power, we talk about men because men hold more power.

Surely your brain understands this.

I doubt it does, but try. Pretend to be "woke" for the sake of your own commonsense.