# Rant1452




January 16, 2019

My father's morning routine was pretty the same for 20+ years.

We had the biggest porch ever. And on that porch, all his managers came with financial records and activities of the previous day.

Bar manager - check!
Bakery manager - check!
Pool Betting manager - check
Hotel managers - check
Chalet manager - check... and so on.

If I wasn't going to school that day, then I'd most likely be seated by his side.

I was about 7 years old.

I remember he screamed half the time he spoke to them because, well, he complained about their intellect.

My father always said, "THINK!"

...Hitting his temple so hard, I feared he may mistakenly hit a vein and collapse.

"Think, bloody fool!" 

I mean, this was the 80s. Businessesmen were ruthless with their mouths. LMAO!!!

This routine was held at the seaview mansion with my father still wrapped in his morning robe... and his black dye leaving stains on the fluffy collar of his robe 😂

Sometimes, my mum will come out after the men were gone and start her preaching. 

"These men wey you finish with your mouth, na people husbands and fathers be dat oh!"

My father would roll his eyes, then instruct me to roll my eyes.

"Isi, roll your eyes."

I'd roll my eyes.

He'd look at my mum and say, "Then let them think like men."

Lol!
.

One day, he was screaming at a particular manager...

"Have a personality, for godssake! Have a personality! Stop borrowing people's personalities up and down!"

I can't remember why he went on and on about it. I was too young to understand the context of the situation. 

My dad then opened his purse and flung the man a coin, I think.

"Go and buy some personality! Even my little daughter here has more personality than you!"

My mother shouted from one of the rooms...

"Isiiiiiii! Come here oh! Your father wants them to kill you out of jelaousy!"

😂😂😂😂😂😂
.
.

PS: It is obvious I am obsessed with whom my daddy was in my 40s. A man I never spoke about for 30 years!

Life.