# Rant1728


July 29, 2019

One follower asked...

"Joy, when you say you are peace, what do you mean? What is 'peace' to you?"
.

Here's my answer:

Peace is shutting down my comment section on Facebook to over 52,000 followers.

It is unhealthy to give 52,000+ people access to your page to freely share their opinions.

It is chaos. It is madness. It will cause you deep depression. 

I just can't, I'm sorry.

I appreciate everyone, but I only want the comments of a few. Or none at all. That is my peace.

I don't believe in democracy. That too is Peace.
.
.

Peace is living in Festac for 30 years without any female friends. 

Peace is living in Lekki for two years without dating any 'Lekki boy'.
.
.

Peace is blocking people who just don't get it.

Peace is calling out people who think they can shame or break you.

Peace is sharing your authentic story - regardless of how flawed it is.

Peace is giving yourself the body, mind and soul you deserve.

Peace is making sense of your finances.

Peace is sex with a decent man.

Peace is minding your business. 

Peace is exquisite hotels and fine dining. 

Peace is jogging in the mornings and/or evenings.

Peace is music.

Peace is being inactive on Twitter. If I was on Twitter, I'd be trolled and trending every other week for sharing the same opinions I share on Facebook! 
This gated community called Facebook is where I belong. Peace!!!
.

Peace is walking away. 

Peace is the ability to keep walking, evolving, rolling, moving. 

Peace is finally accepting your sexual energy with no fear or shame of expression. 

Peace is being aware of all your options. Peace is knowing you have a CHOICE, always.

Peace is a heart and mind free completely of hate or envy. 
I stan any woman living her authentic llfe. I applaud you. I have no time for envy. There's only so much Nzuri and Clarins can do... my real age-defying secret is my heart. 

My heart is free.

Peace ❤