# Rant1433


January 12, 2019

25 years later, Jeff Bezos finds his soulmate 😁

Oh! Don't feel sorry for wifey.

Mackenzie is a brilliant author, approved by Toni Morrisson!

And she is about to become the richest woman in this mudafucka.

Oh! And she just might write a bestseller from this experience if she wants to be petty, because SHE CAN WRITE, yo!

Or she decides not to wallow in all of this and just soar away into the clouds and do bigger things out of the hold of marriage.

She got four kids. She has dedicated 25 years to a marriage. 

Now is time to LIVE her life.

This might just be a blessing for her. Actually, it is!

Why would you want to be with a man whose heart is obviously far gone into another woman's soul?

Everyone wins in this case!
.

So Bezos finds love.

Mackenzie gets rich. Now she can be with any man she wants and build anything she likes. 

This is how to cheat. Not this Nigerian nonsense we see everyday.

Our lack of sophistication and gross immaturity are displayed for shame even when we commit delicious sin.

Nigerians. Tueh!
.
.

Monogamy though...

Social constructionism is a laugh.

Monogamy is right there at the top of this joke.

Our shared assumption of how people should find and sustain happiness gives me a headache.

It doesn't make any sense that there's one particular way marriage should be. No sense at all.

Individuals should be left to define how they want their own marriage to be, putting into consideration their unique wants and desires.

People will cheat. It is never going to end. And it doesn't have to be cheating if we stop making Monogamy sacrosanct. 

This is the richest man in the world, YET he created the time to write fine poetry of this intensity to a woman he loves.

You would think he would be too busy to find the time.

You would think a man so busy would find easy options of sex and adventure with paid escorts discreetly done.

No.

He took his time to fall in love.

Because MONOGAMY IS A SHAM!

I mean... c'mon! 

What kind of emotional constructionism allows you stare into the eyes of one person for the rest of your life??? (With all due respect to your parents union and your own personal matrimonial wishes).

A liberal world should review monogamy. It is a social and emotional construct and very impractical!

You will understand how pretentious monogamy is when couples who claim to be in open marriages STILL carry the weight of confession and downright conviction of wrongdoing when they do what they already agreed they want to do.

It's silly. And clearly laughable.

And boring.
.

PS: Nobody has to agree with me on this.