# Rant1786


August 31, 2019

I'm not gonna lie...

I am terrified of the power the Nigerian man holds.

This unquestionable power.

It's scary.
.

You know, a man can just wake up and decide to destroy you.

And for the love patriarchal societies have of the fallen woman, it is always such relish to see a woman destroyed.
.

A man can decide to walk out of the lives of his  children, and society holds nothing against him. He lives freely and above judgement. Unaccountable to no one.

It amazes me all the time.
.

A man has never been abandoned by his wife  because he cheated. 

Never.

He makes women enemies amongst themselves... and he walks away untainted.

Too easy.
.

A badly behaved man will still find a good woman to love him. And care for him.

Eish.
.

The bar is so low for men, it is scary!

All that is required of him is money.

That's all.
.

Women also make money, but it doesn't end there.

She has to be eveything AND financially independent too.

But men - all their flaws become roses when there is money. Women will make excuses for him.

What a life! All that power!
.

You can't shame a man.

If you are not creative, there'll be nothing to shame a man about.

But all he needs to do is call you "Bitter", and the world will support him.

I have never heard a man described as "Bitter".

Those awful descriptions are made only for women, apparently.
.

Ah! The power of men scares the shit out of me!

They hold the power to begin and to end. To elevate and to shame. To honour and to disparage. To make beautiful or to make ugly.

And (some) Nigerian men use and abuse this power so eaily. It's leisure for them.

Too much power!

And with that power, they decide what to do with women.
.

It is not right. 

It is unfair. 

Society has to find ways to give equal power to both genders.
.

Again, the power of men scares the shit out of me!!!
.

Do you know women and girls are raped and violated because some men are offended by their self confidence?

Those lower class areas and universities suffer the most. 

"She's too proud, I will show her."

Just like that! Because she didn't say "hi" to you and your lousy friends.

Wow!
.

Too much power.

No consequences. 

Too scary.
.

The power men hold scares me.
.
.

And pick-mes always standing in the way when we want to take some of that power by force.

These horrible women.

Uugh!!!