# Rant1829



September 30, 2029

I can't recall if I've ever been shamed as a single mother, directly. 

I mean... where would you find me?

I don't go to church - the headquarters of gender discrimination and humiliation.

I don't roll with cliques.

I don't tolerate male privileges and misogyny. 

Bottom line: I do not make myself available to people or institutions that shame my gender. 

I break all the bridges. All of them.

But not every woman is like me.

So I am aware the shaming of single mothers continues.
.

However, it makes me wonder...

Would you rather she abandons the child(ren) too?

Would you rather the mother acts like the father and walk away, pretending not to have responsibilities?

Would you rather women desert the children as conveniently as the fathers?

When you think of the sacrifice and toll of parenting for two active parents... imagine what it's like for ONE parent pulling double duty. 

The single parent is the only responsible and available parent in a child's life, you wonder how anyone can justify shaming women who do the right thing. 

The right thing being the chance to give a child the best life she can afford. 

How can you shame anyone who does that?

What a society!

Especially when this shame comes from married women. 

These judgemental women... it takes one man in your life to walk away, and you'll end up in a heap of trash in Idumota.

Just ONE man.

His name is "husband".

Your worth, your happiness, your self esteem is hanging on the shoulders of one man...

YET you are so vile towards a woman who does everything on her own.
.
.

My kids have a good life because I stayed. 

I STAYED!!!

I stayed to wipe their noses when they were cold.

I stayed to feed them daily. 

I stayed through sicknesses and health. 

I stayed when they started their period.

I stayed through school sessions and vacations. 

I stayed when they passed their exams.

I stayed when they were afraid. 

I stayed when they were unsure. 

I stayed when they had questions to ask.

I stayed when they were bullied and I fought for them. 

I STAYED!

I am the parent who stayed!

How do you shame the one who stayed?
.

I am a mother...

And I stayed!

I will always stay.

Peace ✌