# Rant1833


October 4, 2019

I don't understand these types of messages...

"Please I want to be a screenwriter. Can you send me links and documents I can read?"

"Please I have a manuscript. Can I send it to you to read?"

"Please how can I write like you?"

"Please teach me how to make money as a writer."
.

Why should I help you?

Ask yourself that question and be sincere with yourself. Take your entitlement out of the way and ask yourself...

Why should someone leave their work and responsibilities to cater to your need?

You are not paying. So what's in it for them?

Always ask: why should anyone help you?

That's a good place to start in curbing your entitlement.
.

You are with a phone with data, you have Google, yet you are asking a stranger to send you links. 

Why the fvck would anyone want to do that for you? Do you know the painstaking hours that go into learning online? Yet you want yours on a platter. 

Isn't that you displaying your laziness and daftness?

Stop asking people to do shit for you without giving something in return. That's the energy you must surround yourself with. 
.

Everywhere I have worked, I put the company first.

I don't know how to do it any other way. 

I sleep in the office if I have to.

And the minute I lose that drive to put the company first... the minute the company doesn't challenge me to be the best anymore, or if the company is tainted with too much mediocrity...

I do the honourable thing and I leave.
.

Be a premium human being. Have standards. 

This goes beyond money. 

Have standards.
.

I have worked with many Nollywood celebrities, as you all know. 

I have their numbers. They buzz me on WhatsApp every other day...

And I have NEVER taken advantage of the relationships I have with them.

That shit that people do - when they programme the hour to make a personal request to someone whose phone number you have because work brought you together, is the most humiliating thing you can do to yourself. 

First, they start insinuating that they are broke....then gradually they ask for money. 

Eish! It's disgraceful. 

Have some dignity. 

If at all you want to make a request, make sure you have a reward too.

The reward should come first.

How does this request benefit the other person? What is their reward?

If you can't find the "How", then do not make the request. 
.

I know we are all different, and some people can go to work just for the pay cheque.

But I can't. I have to add value. 

And if the structure doesn't allow me to add real value... and politics weighs higher than the job, then I'm out.
.

I have to LOVE going to work. It has to be a structure that acknowledges those who actually get things done. And it has to give room for those with extra fire - give room, let them burn. 

If these things don't exist, then not everyone will stay for the pay cheque. 

I won't.