# Rant1887


November 17, 2019

I mean...

It's cute when he does it once or twice in a manner that is naughty, sexy and loving...

But when he continues to slap her buttocks without care, pinching it like puff puff on stage, it is disrespectful. 

Look at her reaction, and you know she didn't endorse that action. 

And that's the thing about dating certain men...

You need to put them in check.

I've said, before, that Wizkid could eventually make a mess of Tiwa. And I mentioned that she should just enjoy the ride UNTIL it gets to that juncture.

At this point, I think she needs to redefine the relationship.

Nobody can tell me she's not uncomfortable at this point. That laugh was just a cover up. And hitting his head playfully was her way of pretending it is OK.

It is not OK.
.

It is always a bad idea to be star-struck by your own lover. 

Many people do not know how to love you right when you are in awe of them.

Tiwa is in awe of Wizkid.

This reverential fear and wonder cloud her judgment. 

She is a star, for godssake. So what's the tea?

Some of these men do not have the prerequisite prowess or skill of a gentleman.

They fail to act with a bit of savoir faire. 

At first it would look harmless, but then it grows to disrespect that is hard to contain.

It is up to the woman to address it. Because it's her body.

But women are always afraid they'd lose the man.

Because like most relationships, they are more interested in the optics than anything else. 

Tiwa needs to embrace her full Queen status.

The woman is talented, she's international material, she's pretty, she's successful...

She shouldn't end up as a piece from Wizzy's fabric of impropriety - and I dare say, misogyny.

Call him to order!