# Rant1431


January 12, 2019

I have had everything taken away from me because I dared to question. Because I had a voice that wasn't just to sing praise songs, but to expose corporate flaws and indiscretions.

And I was left with nothing, except the crumbs that were given off the same table I was initially told I could dine on freely.

All of a sudden, I was too bold, too arrogant, too inquisitive. I was too confrontational with my rejection of status quo.

And I was told to be a certain way.
.

But it all started because I was Joy. You know, this Joy with strong opinions. That was what they fell in love with.

But when it came to actually accepting me... I became too much to handle.

Lol!

I really feel sorry for any woman who takes alot of men seriously. 

Reducing me to crumb-eater was a way to humble me.

But then I got up, found an empath, and I made all the dreams come true. All of them.
.

Truth is, they don't really want your energy. 

What they really want to know is how far they can break you.

Their inconsistencies are tricks to see how far you can go before you throw your power away and grab on to their shoes for help, for support. 

They need to see you humbled. Dragged, pained.

They need to bring you to base level. Sigh. 

I concluded a while ago, I would rather DIE than be a "humble" woman to any Nigerian man.

People are vile. Intentions are wicked. The way they see Person A or B or C is the same way they see you. They see everyone with the same myopic lens.

I am not every woman. 
.

If my voice scares you.

If my power frightens you.

If you are intimidated by my art.

Fack you!