# Rant1510


February 18, 2019

So with election postponed...

We have been instructed by schools to bring our children today, Monday... only to pick them up again on Thursday.

Back-and-forth-and-back-and-forth

Nigeria disrupting our lives.

How am I going to have a productive business week jumping up and down, picking and un-picking children... running four businesses... building ideas, implementing, marketing, branding...

How are we going to focus on building when the country knows only to destroy?

Messing with our schedule.

I hope they scrap midterm break since kids have had too many doses of weekends already.

Ife is going to university in two years time.

I don't have the luxury of time to be mushy-mummy-staying-at-home-cooking-lunch.

I've disconnected my gas cooker long time.

I have deadlines.

Kids need to focus in school. I need to focus at work.

If I have to build their future, with university just around the corner, everyone needs to FOCUS on their personal ambitions.

I'm a mother, not a chaperone. 

Nigeria, stop making it tough to be a mother and a kick-ass whatever-preneur.

I need to FOCUS.

Las' las' we will be all right sha!
.
.

PS: I went to buy school shoes at Ebeano supermarket yesterday. The cashier smiled at me and said...

"New shoes at the middle of the term?"

I nodded.

"Well done, mummy," she added.

It meant something to me. I don't know why. She's just a random person; I don't know her, but the way she looked at me and said it... it meant something.
.

Las' las' we'll be all right. All of us.

#Hope