# Rant1516


February 20, 2019

LMAO!!!

I legit remember a man who married a woman because her mother sells raw rice.

I was a teenager, chilling in my mother's tailoring shop... one of her apprentices was dating the poorest nigga I have seen up to date.

He held no pretences that he was broke and poor. He wore rags, literally... and smelled of unrepentant beggary.

Even as a teenager, I knew this level of poverty must smell bad from any angle.

That was the first time I heard women talk about the p*nis as an instrument that could make a woman overlook every other thing.

-Because my mum was curious why she would settle for a man so deprived, so she asked if it was for the p*nis, which made the apprentice squirm.

"He is a good man," the apprentice said.

"A good man cannot be this poor. This is poverty from karma!" My mother pronounced.

The lady giggled...

"Don't worry, ma. We will grow together."

Everybody aww-ed.

I rolled my eyes. My mother scoffed.

"It is wretched men like these that will be asking for woman to submit pass sef. Tueh!" My mother said.

"Ah! He doesn't like me talking back at him o!" The apprenctice said with glint of love in her eyes, as if it was such a beautiful trait her man displayed.

"How did you meet him?" My mother asked.

"I used to see him around my area. Then one day he saw me in my mother's shop. My mother sells raw rice and beans. He greeted me and asked if I am the one that owns the shop, I said  no... that it is my mother's shop. He looked at the bowls of raw rice and beans and peeped to see bags of rice and beans for sale inside the store. Then he said, 'Ah! all this food!.' He said he likes hardworking women... that he is happy my mother sells rice, that means her grandchildren will never starve... After that day, we started to befriend each other."

True story! 🤣🤣🤣

I still remember the conversation so well... because, after so many years, it still ranks as Top 10 most idiotic bullcrap I have ever heard.

My teenage senses was traumatized by that woman's idiocy.
.

At the height of their marriage, he was an abusive husband, an irresponsible father... and a philanderer.

Marry a dude with clear results of success, No!

Nigerian women want to prove something to their ancestors.

You must understand that for every man/woman that peddles "Potential" as a qualification...

Only 1% actually turn "potential" to full fledged results. (Actually 1% is a huge number, and that makes it incorrect. It is way less than that.)

The others stay at potential until birds lose their wings...

And in their best form, they simply achieve an average life with a car, land in Ikorodu, rented apartment in Lekki, and a job or business...

Which isn't bad... but they blackmail you with "potential" so much, you'd think they are about to become Warren Buffet.

Niggaa is going to do a long post about how his "potential" was finally able to buy a brand new Corolla.

Niggaa, do you know what white men with real potential are doing in first world countries?

Third world "potential" be so basic you want to cry, gouge your eyes out and rinse your pupils dry under the sun.