# Rant1422


January 7, 2019

I stopped being part of a TV show I recently was signed on because we spent more time getting ready for the show (makeup, hair, camera et al), than actually doing the show.

It took two hours for makeup and hair... another thirty minutes for sound check.

Then the entire show was just 22 minutes!

This isn't me.

22 minutes co-hosting a show with two other women and two guests once every week for a paltry 22 minutes was going to drive me insane. 

I have decided this year that its either 100% or nothing - with my art, with my writing, with the jobs I accept, and with the man I choose to be with.
.

Women are afraid to be radical in Nigeria. 

There's nothing quite as stunning as an intelligent radical woman. You get goosebumps just watching her do her thing.

I watched one woman on YouTube and I just kept saying to myself... what a woman!

One of those Saudi Arabian women who might end up in p.r.i.s.o.n after that Ted talk of hers.

Yet we are here in a LIBERAL Nigeria, afraid to be rebellious because... err... 

We will not find husband to marry.
Our parents will be embarrassed.
Our pastor will blacklist us.
People will not say nice things about us.
We will have only few friends.
People will not invite us for weddings..

Amongst other foolishness.

Someone is going to prison for driving a car... yet you sit in Nigeria and do absolutely nothing with all this FREEDOM you have as a w.o.m.an to be an amazing w.i.t.c.h.

Women as defiant as us in S.a.u.d.i Arabia are being pros.ec.uted by law...

Yet I have to worry about people "hating me"?

Really?

If you don't geddifok!

PS: I just managed to talk about two issues that are not at all related 😂