# Rant1724


July 26, 2019

After spending the entire day with my girls, and showing off my legs, yet no comment... 

I finally asked...

"Can't y'all see my pretty anklet???"

"Oh!" They gasped. 

"Well, say something! Don't you like it?"

"It's lovely," They said...

Then Jolly added, "One of my teachers said only cultists wear anklets."

I burst into laughter. 

"Sorry, who?"

Of course, rhetorical. We all laughed and slapped our thighs. And rolled our eyes.
.

I am glad that these days, I do not have to explain to my kids what is right and what is downright silly. 

They know. And we laugh at the world. 
.

Things have changed. 

When you tell our young kids only cultists have tattoos...

These kids probably have an uncle with a tattoo who is the Country Director of a multi-national company. 
.

If you tell them only vagabonds wear dreadlocks... they probably have an aunt with locs who runs a successful business and looks chic as ever!
.

If you tell our kids that single-parenting is a sign of failure...

They probably have a mother who is divorced and can afford to give them more out of life than you and your traditional nuclear family ass can afford 🤷🏽‍♀️
.

If you tell our children that their parents are denying them salvation by not taking them to church every Sunday...

We will be tempted to ask you how many books you have read. 

My children have read roughly 500 novels. They know words you can't even pronounce. Their imagination is as vivid as when God made the heavens and the earth!

Yes!
.

If you abuse the privilege of having access to our children and start talking shit...

They will come home to us and we will laugh at you - behind your back.
.

The daughters of the 'New Woman' in 2019 are badass.

They know things. 

And nothing you say can taint their knowledge.

You know why?

They have mothers (or fathers) who walk the talk.

Our children see us. Our children see the freedom we walk in. Our children adore us. Our children want our lives. 

That is the gospel. 
.

These children know things. 

They are laughing at your ignorance.