# Rant1826



September 28, 2019

I mean...

We can't even salute "single mother's pulling double duty" on Father's Day without men and WOMEN all over Nigeria calling us out...

Yet these trifling hos want to go on vacation with a misogynist.

And they want us to "understand" their poor married plight and allow them do as they wish. 

😂😂😂

You see how this table turns?

I have told you people to go and study how Patriarchy works, but no... you want to pamper the niggaa.

You are thinking of ways Patriarchy can work for you as a woman.

Haqhaqhaqhaqhaqhaqhaqhaq!!! 😂😂😂

They want to go to Venice.

Mama junior, you like Venice, abi?

Francis is dangling this penis, sorry, carrot in front of you. 

Oya go to Venice nah.

I'm sure some of them have not had a minute sleep since the news broke.

They are thinking of ways to finally reinvent themselves. 

All of a sudden they are preaching tolerance. People who are always looking for loopholes in the beautiful lives of other women. 

It's your turn.

Cook that pot of vegetable soup and ponmo stew, store it in the fridge. Pray with your husband and promise him that he married a virtuous woman that knows how to shun evil.

You are not materialistic, you are just looking for a way to unwind from matrimonial duties by travelling with a man who has money, since your husband is a wretched weed in the garden of men.

Ouch. 

Welcome to Patriarchy, bitch!

Eat the food you prepared. 
.
.

Another Father's Day will come next year...

Feel free to insult us for cheering our girlfriends on that day, and we shall gladly remind you of this day.

This day when you needed to tan your clitoris under Venice's hot summer...

This day when you asked for tolerance - this same "tolerance" we've told you several times to give to other types of women.