# Rant1732


August 1, 2019

"I cannot wait to be in a relationship so I can show men that fidelity is possible. Stop cheating on women." - The Nigerian Fvck boy
.

"God bless you." - The foolish Nigerian woman, choruses.

.
.

Let us dissect that mindset...

Phrase 1:

"I cannot wait..."

This is an invitation to all the ladies. His desperate plea aligns with the only ambition of many women - Get A Man.

Aligning "desperately" with women makes him worthy of a relationship. He is aware of how desperate the average woman is, and playing on this desperation opens his DM for business. 
.

Phrase 2:

"I cannot wait to be in a relationship..."

He doesn't want a relationship, he wants to fvck but as the son of Patriarchy, he is aware women want to fvck too, but under the guise and definition of a "relationship".
It is easier to get laid when you pose as a potential boyfriend, than when you are honest about what you want.

It is not your need for sex that makes you a fvck boy...

It is your dishonesty. 
.

Phrase 3:

"....so that I can show men that fidelity is possible."

I do not trust men who throw other men under the bus because of a hunger to smash a  vagina.

It's disgusting. 

We still don't want you!

Calling out men to be faithful is a laugh.

Nigga, just go and smash and let us hear word. 

Calling out men just so women can look at you differently makes you very unattractive.

.
.

Phrase 4:

"Stop cheating on women."

This is where his Patriarchal affiliations come alive. 

At this juncture, he empowers men by disempowering women and women's ability to cheat too.

Every gender cheats. 

Scolding only men is a twisted way of empowering men to cheat. Making women out to look like victims of cheating men is to make women less powerful in owning their narrative.
.
.

I'll advise that you stay away from men who yap like this.

They love you so much they can't wait to practice fidelity with you...

Fidelity, in essence, being the best reward in situations like these. 

Except there are no real situations...

These niggaz just want to fvck, but hoping for soft landing by being patronizing. 

How women cannot understand this beats me.
.

Women, we also like sex. We also want to fvck. 

If we stop giving men the power to validate our needs, then we wouldn't have to keep up with all the patronizing crap.