# Rant1527


March 3, 2019

Lekki toasting gets on my nerves.

That was how I was minding my business a few days back, driving towards the gas station on Admiralty road...

I got there and they weren't selling fuel.

I had dropped Roberta and Imarhia a few miles away. They were to drop copies of ISLAND WEEKLY at some stores. So I took the time to chill, waiting for them to return. 

I parked close to the gas station. Hoping they would, perhaps, open their fuel pumps before my executives return, and I could buy fuel. 

Then a red SUV stopped beside me. 

Dude was smiling with his eyes. 

Have you seen someone smile with his eyes? That familiar gaze.

So I thought he probably knew me or was asking for direction. I wound down my window. 

"Hello. Can I have your number?"

I was shook. 

Number? Just like that?

I rolled my eyes and said, No.

"Are you married?" He said.

"No."

"In a happy relationship?"

"I'm not giving you my number."

"Please?"

I mean... this nigga is in his late 40s, I could tell.

I wound my window up and started tapping on my phone so he could go away.

Dude drove to the end of the road, then turned back and came back to where I was AGAIN.

"Please. Just your number. If I sound like a jerk on the phone, block me."

I put my earphones on.

It's a small road, and dude was blocking the other side because he stopped beside my car.

A car coming from the main road entered the street and this nigga refused to move o!

He pushed his head out of his window and screamed at the car horning furiously at him.

"No fuel! Go away!"

Dude! This is a ROAD! Cars do not pass this road just to buy fuel. It is a road that leads to other roads and people's homes. WTF!

He was in the wrong and was still intimidating the car with right of way.

I couldn't understand that.

He must have watched some romantic movie on Netflix and thought he could try it out. Because it made no sense that he refused to go when a woman wouldn't give him a phone number! And he was causing traffic!!!
.

Thankfully, Roberta showed up.

I actually called them to hurry up because the situation was weird.

When they entered the car, I told them the story. The red car was still trying to reverse towards me after giving way to other cars eventually.

His aim was to reverse and block the road AGAIN, because woman... because stubborness... because too much romantic movies.

I dont know.
.

Roberta chuckled and said...

"But Ms. Joy, you are fine na."

🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄

Seriously though!

"Fine" is the lousiest reason to want to be with anyone.

Fine ko. Fan yogo ni.