# Rant1744



August 9, 2019

Yes. I have more women than men as friends on Facebook for these reasons...

Number 1:

Years back, these two silly gender turned my wall into a hookup joint. 

They'd meet on my wall. They'd flirt on my wall. They'd hook up behind my wall. Fvck behind my wall. Break up and have the audacity to blame me and my wall!!!

Stupid horny goats!

Me that I am not dating friends on my wall, you think I don't have sense?

I had to end that nonsense.

I unfriended almost all the niggaaz on my wall.

There were of no real value to me, yet causing unnecessary grief.

*mscheeeew!!
.
.

Number 2:

I rant about my life as an unconventional woman. 

This means I attack eveything that stands in my way of absolute freedom, absolutely. 

This means I may have to explain myself alot. And I don't want to!

Women have been taught to be humble, so they don't ask too many questions...

But men were raised as captains of a ship. 

I HATE to explain myself to men. And I HATE to take orders from random men on social media on how they think I should behave as a woman.

I hate it.

I see them on other women's pages, rubbing their phallus and giving orders.

That can never be me on the receiving end!
.

I HATE to hear my life experiences mansplained back to me or my audience. 

I HATE to deal with male ego.

Lastly, I am afraid of the power society/religion/culture give to men...

And I HATE to be afraid. 

I HATE to feel vulnerable towards men.
.

But it's really not about men...

It's really about The Patriarchy, which also accomodates a lot of stupid women.

None of whom you will find on my wall.
.
.

So with these few points of mine, I hope I have been able to convince you and not confuse you that mi o raye oshi.

Tainz.