# Rant1537


March 10, 2019

The silliest way people try to prove a point is when they say...

"...even A and B think this way about you. Nobody has anything nice to say about you."

Yawn.

That's what you should do when they try to reduce your worth by numbers. Yawn in their faces.

It is the stupidest thing.

Because time and time again, life has proven that numbers ain't sh*t!

One hundred million people can be wrong.

Ask Democracy.

Ask Religion.

Ask Culture.

Ask the Germans.

Millions and millions of people can come together to agree on an ignorant point.

I don't know why anyone would think I need A and B and C to like me before I can win!

I don't need anyone to like me.

I sincerely don't know what to do with people's "Like".

It is such a lukewarm word with no oomph! 

It gets on my nerves just knowing that "like" is something anyone would think a woman like me should worry about.

I don't give a damn.

Respect my Art. Hire me, if you want. I'll do a damn good job because that is how I am.

I will not rest until it is near perfect.

I will show you respect. I will be professional. 

And I will always tell you the truth. 

That truth that nobody will dare tell you, I will.

And it will change your life.

I don't lick ass. I wouldn't know the first thing to do if I tried. 
.

And I am never afraid to walk away from it all with a conscience that will let me tell my authentic story.

So come correct. 

Don't come with that bullsh*t talk of A and B and T not liking you.

Are you in kindergarten?

Who has built anything substantial on "like"?

Nobody 🤷🏽‍♀️

There's no energy in "like".

Just old fart fading away.