# Rant1813


September 22, 2019

My father had a dog.

Its name was Major.

I can't remember the breed but it was a big hairy dog with big brown eyes.

I was 4 years old and I think he'd had the dog for two years at the time.

My father loved Major.

Major's cage was bigger than many living rooms I've seen. 

Major had different fancy chains. It had different fancy dog plates and bowls.

Major didn't eat leftovers (although my mum always told the dog attendant to feed the dog our leftovers unbeknownst to my dad).

My father always insisted on fresh meat for Major. 

There was a weekly budget for Major's food.

Nigga ate like a king. 
.

I remember one time it fell ill, dad worried as if it was a child. The veterinarian came every day for a week to attend to Major.

I remember this clearly because on one of those days, while the veterinarian was attending to Major, some work staff gathered to watch.

So my dad summoned them. He had some money in his hand (I don't remember how much it was), he raised his hand up and said...

"Anyone who can spell 'Veterinarian', gets this money."

I was a kid, sitting next to my dad as he had his beer, I didn't understand the value of money, but the excitement on the faces of the workers and their attempts to spell the word made me believe the money must have been of good vaue.

They failed. 

So he turned to me and said...

"Oya, Isi. Spell 'Veterinarian'."

I spelled rubbish, but he clapped for me and gave me the money. 

Then he asked for a sheet of paper, wrote the word down, showed it to me, told me to spell it correctly. I did. 

Then he told one of the workers to pass the paper round the entire house, to all the staff workers, to his children, to the Veterinarian himself (because you cannot be too sure. Lol!)... then to my mother.

"Tell your Oga I can spell Veterinarian. Carry your paper and go!" My mother said 😂😂😂
.
.

I was talking about Major...

Yes, dad loved Major.

But I never really knew the dog. And the dog didn't really know me.

I walked quickly passed its cage every morning. Dad put that nigga's cage very close to the main door, so it could have human interaction daily and not feel isolated or lonely.

So I saw it every day. But unlike others, I never stopped to say hello.

This made Major very curious of me. So when I walk by, it always barked and I'd look straight on, moving my tiny legs faster.

Major's frustration and curiosity only got worse when it dawned on it that I might be its main competition for daddy's attention. 

Because if at all Major saw my dad hold anyone's hand as he walked by the cage...

That hand would be mine.
.
.

One morning, we - the kids - were getting ready for school. We had fried plantain and custard (I hate custard by the way).

Prior to this morming, my dad had a serious argument with the dog attendant. He insisted the dude was siphoning money off Major's weekly food and care budget for his own personal use.

My dad stayed a week in his other house in town and when he came back, he insisted that Major was hungry!

"You are not feeding my dog! You fucking thief!"

Na so "fight" start. 

Dad looked at his dog and he was mad!

"You eat the money meant to feed a dog! A dog!! Have you no shame?!!"

He was going to call the police, but my mum told him not to.

My father wanted my mother to share a bit of the responsibility for allowing Major starve, but she told him to talk to her hand.

"Abeg! I dey take care of children. You know, real children. Dog is not my wahala." 😂

Nonetheless, mum loved Major. She just couldn't invest emotionally in the dog's care.

My father sacked the attendant and asked one of the other workers to go buy food for Major. It was late at night, so he couldn't get anything raw and fresh. 

Major had to do with our leftovers, but it didn't seem like it was enough.
.

So that morning we were off to school was the next day...

I had forgotten my drawing book upstairs, so I went upstairs alone. 

I got my drawing book, and as I made my way downstairs, hungry AF Major appeared at the tail of the stairs.

It looked at me. I looked at it.

It yawned. I held my breath.

It moved closer. I knew this dog didn't know me.

I froze. I didn't scream. Nigga was bigger than me. 
.
That dog attendant, when he was sacked, intentionally left Major's cage open in its hungry state.

The cage was open all night, but I guess even Major wasn't aware, until later.

The dog didn't know too many people in the building...  because this building was big AF and there were bar activities on the second floor, and bakery on the ground floor, and this and that. 

Major had its own palace, and the attendant took him for a walk every evening. But the dog was not allowed to roam freely in the mansion because IT DIDN'T KNOW EVERYBODY!
.

So here I was face to face with Major...

I quickly reached into my backpack and brought out my biscuit.

I threw the biscuit away from my path. Major went for it.

Then I ran down the other half of the stairs divided by a corridor. 
.

Thank God for biscuits, I guess.