# Rant1748



August 11, 2019

I had this conversation with someone today.

And writing out what I've always believed about love and life, with a chunk of lust, makes me appreciate how I have fashioned my own life. 

I give no man the power to hurt me in a way that affects my money, my health, my beauty, my body, my career and my mind. 

In every relationship, I ALWAYS come out looking better and being better than I was in the relationship. 

Always!

I am not that woman that would lose her mind or joy or happiness or add weight or look unhealthy over the trials of love, for the sake of a man.

No! That's not my story. 
.
.

I watched a video of a woman drop her baby like a piece of rag just so she could fight her partner in public. 

She attacked him and didn't pay attention to the child on the floor, even when she and her partner almost tripped over the child.

It's disgraceful. 
.
.

Ask yourself: What would I have to do for a man that would make me react like a beast when he strays?

Whatever it is, don't do it!

If you think you would lose your sanity and turn to an animal after sacrificing or compromising for a man...

Do not sacrifice!

If you think you would ever utter these silly words: "After all I've done for you!" 
With blood-shut eyes, ugly tears and high blood pressure screaming death...

Then do not do what will turn you to a monster.

Dropping your toddler on the ground and attacking your partner in public makes you a monster. 

Stop sacrificing or compromising as an exchange for commitment. 

Don't run mad because of a man.

I swear, I will not forsake something as flippant as my neck cream for a man, how much more lose my sense of purpose.
.
.

And remember, folks...

Love is a social construct.

It doesn't exist. It's all in your head. 

We made it up.
.

Now rest, dearies.

You are adults. Go and create what works for you.

💜