# Rant1668


June 20, 2019

Politics is quite an interesting activity. 

Probably the most hypocritical after religion.

Sometimes, you are not sure which one comes first.

Political activism or critique is no different from the job of the pastor in a church calling out all the wrongs of the world, reciting the things that God despise...

Yet he's fvcking the choir mistress.
.
.

Think of any clique on social media - Twitter or Facebook...

Give all of them in that clique political positions to serve the people.

They will turn out disgracefully as all the politicians they have accused and criticised for years.

Chances are they will turn out worse.

They will empower all their friends with political positions and contracts. Their families will instantly become millionaires and stop working.

No one within their circle of love and affection will ever be judged or sentenced to jail for any crime. 

Just like we know it to be for as long as we have known political power to be in Africa.

Their angst and justice will rest on their perceived enemies. Everything will burn that does not affect their own.

The black man - whether powerful or powerless - has no real desire to change the world.

S/he just wants to empower his family and a few friends.

The best of us are the worst of us.

It is not true that we are governed by the worst of us (that shit always makes me laugh)...

We are governed by us. Period!

You are not better than Tinubu. Wait until you get his power and see what you will do with it.

Wait until it is time to judge your rapist son.

Wait until it is time to judge your brother who is a deadbeat father to his children.

Wait until the hour comes to judge your cheating husband.

Wait until your favourite colleague steals in the office, watch how you look the other way.

Wait until the time comes to judge your criminal friend.

Wait until you have real power.

You are monsters. And that is putting it mildly.
.

You do not have to wait to get to political office...

Your lives, your biases, your judgements even in your lowly positions show the kind of leader you will become.

You will steal. You will usurp power. You will twist justice to favour you. You will seek revenge. You will corrupt power.

But you don't have power, so let's criticise those who have while you, in your lowly corner of life, judge unfairly.

Those headlines you read: "Mother reports son for killing neighbour's daughter" aren't third world headlines.
.
.

I saw a tweet somewhere...

Friends of an alleged drug peddler attempting to judge the case.

Their conclusion was: the journalist who exposed this crime is ugly, and the accused is beautiful. 
Bottomline: Jelaousy.

That was the verdict.

LMAO!!!

These are women who usually attack the government of the day oo!

🤣🤣🤣
.

See ehn, there's nothing honourable in Nigeria. No one. 

Carry your stupidity, your wokeness, your cliques, your judgments and get the fvck out of the way!

You are no better than the worst of us.

You are the worst of us. 

We are the worst of us.