# Rant1688


July 4, 2019

Women shaming women is the absolute worst.

The career woman who shames the housewife.

The business woman who shames the runs' girl.

The married woman who shames the single or divorced woman (PS: Imagine any Nigerian married woman shaming anybody though. Lol!)

The plus size woman shaming the skinny woman and vice versa. 

The natural-birth madam shaming the C-section madam.

The natural booty woman shaming the plastic surgery acquired booty woman.

The "happy woman" rubbing her happiness in the sores of the woman going through a bad patch.

The religious woman shaming the social media pseudo-nudist.

The younger woman shaming the older woman. 

The humble woman shaming the slay queen.

It goes on and on.

And these women always manage to drag their men along in the shame fest.

I cringe every single time. 

You can do better, but you won't...

Because the average woman believes there aren't enough seats for all women - especially in the pick-me ministry. 

So the sport is to knock any other woman you find to retain your self-worth.

You keep knocking one another down down down.

You people can do better. But you won't.

You are women.

And these seats they are dragging are seats you don't even want at all!

Seat of marriage as a wife.
Seat of a business woman.
Seat of a slay queen.
Seat of whatever.

You don't want their seats. 

Even that alone - the fact that you don't want their seat, is a trigger. They are offended.

They want you to want it! They are maddened by your indifference.

Because they have been made to believe their seat is what every other woman should aspire to.
.

Other times the shame is based on the fact that you dare to stand out of cultural norms.

They shame you for doing better than what patriarchy had laid out for all women.

You are the exception. You are shame material for every woman trying to beg patriarchy for leniency in their pick-me gowns. 

These women. 

Even in their most genuine attempts... we see the bias, the layers of pretense, the ruffled ego when another woman just as good as you comes into picture.

We see the reaction. 

And this can be a human flaw for both genders...

But women nurture devilry and nastiness with a bit more sauce.
.

As a woman in this era of easy shame, I'll advice that you stay away from people who do not honour your values and your reason for being.

Remove yourself from the narrative. 

Stay away from the groups they form. Many of them are a lie.

Be whole. Stand alone. Win. 

Walk your own race.

Overcome. Keep winning.

Conquer.