# Rant1643



May 31, 2019

Let me tell you what Kindness is.

Mad Men on Netflix. 

Character: Don Draper, Creative Director, Sterling Cooper.
.

Don Draper and his colleague, Salvatore, attend a seminar in New York.

They have dinner, and it's time to retire to their different hotel rooms. 

Draper invites a flirty air hostess to his room. Sal isn't interested in the other woman, so he goes to his room all by himself. 

Sal's airconditioner isn't working, so he calls maintenance.

A repairer comes to his room to fix it.

Afterwards, they stare at each other, and clothes come off.

The repairer is male.

Sal, for all of season one, has been struggling with his sexuality.

This series is set in the 60s. Sexual tolerance isn't exactly a thing back then.

This is the first time Sal is with a man. He is so relieved. He cums the minute the other man touches him.

This same Sal has a kind relationship with his wife, devoid of lust or sexual desire.
.

The fire alarm in the hotel goes off. 

Don Draper and his dish hurry out of the room and down the back stairs - where people are advised to take during emergencies. 

As he moves down the stairs, he sees his colleague, Sal, through the window, hurriedly getting dressed with a man by his side.

Their eyes lock.

Don wears shock and repulsion only for a second, then continues down the stairs. 

.

The next day, on their flight back to base...

Don strikes up an intro to a conversation. Sal holds his breath, thinking he is about to shame him, condemn him and probably recommend that he resigns. 

Don, however, starts a conversation that has nothing to do with what he saw the night before. 

When they return to the office, Don doesn't gossip about it... he doesn't give him any weird looks... doesn't sub him.

As a matter of fact, Don Draper gives him an account and a position immediately they return, based on merit. 

This is the 60s. The age of near intolerance. 

Draper is not perfect. Watch the series, you'll understand. 

But when it comes to being a decent human being, Draper does his best.

The Sterling Cooper team prides itself as creatives driven by heterosexual energy. 

If they had a whiff anyone on the team is gay, he'd be ostracized.

Draper showed exemplary kindness. Very rare and commendable. 

Kindness is when you have sensitive information on someone's personal life/choices, that isn't illegal or harmful, and you choose not to use it against them. 

Especially if they have caused you no harm.

That is kindness. 

Stop shaming people for who they are.

How you make people feel (who have done you no harm), is directly linked to your misery and/or happiness. 

Go high.

Be a better human being.

Be a decent one.