# Rant1703



July 14, 2019

In May, I decided I would move to Ghana.

It was a spur of the moment decision.

In my wildest dreams, I wanted the following:

1. A beautiful apartment on the cool side of town
2. A good-paying job 
3. Amazing companionship 

It's 6 weeks now... I got everything I wanted.

I thought it would take longer. But everything happened even better than I imagined. 
.
.

Now pause for a second.

Regarding the above accomplishments, let's analyse two types of personalities:

Personality 1: She has achieved what she set out to achieve. Now she can settle into a routine and live the life she created.

Personality 2: She has achieved what she set out to achieve. Now she is bored. There's an itch to move on... find other stones to turn to water (except the companionship. That one can stay if he wants to).
.
.

I am Personality 2.

And all my life, I have felt there was something wrong with me for always wanting to move on.

Well, there's nothing wrong with me.

This is who I am - I move on! Period. 

I achieve something, and I can't wait to just keep moving.

I've fought this for so long, but not anymore. 

This is what makes life beautiful to me.
.

This personality is tougher to accept in a woman because women are (supposed to be) nurturers, and they should know how to persevere... yada yada.

Well, call me a bird then. As long as you let me fly away.
.
.

So here's to women, especially, who identify with this Personality...

Embrace that itch to MOVE ON.

It is not abnormal. It is what makes your heart beat. It is who you are. 

Cheers to your new aspirations - your stumbling, your rising, your restlessness. 

Here's to your rebellion. 

Let your spirit ll