# Rant1550


March 17, 2019

Everyday Nigerians rebuke Nigerian journalists for lazy journalism.

They reprimand journalists for not digging deep, for not deeply uncovering hidden truths.

We compare them to foreign journalists - those ones who are obsessed with a single matter until it is unraveled. 

We want our journalists to spend months or years researching and preparing reports, just like their CNN colleagues.
.
.

Let me tell you a little secret...

Nigerians do not want investigative journalists.

They don't.

May be they do, only when it concerns an enemy.

But when investigative journalism uncovers the rot of someone they like, investigative journalism becomes...

Bitter. Wicked. Ill-timed. Miserable. Mean.

The investigative journalist becomes a witch. 

Her work will be reduced to political rivalry, envy. She will be branded "jealous".

But she has facts, you f*cking morons!

Hard facts!

But for the sake of friendship, or probably the crumbs you wish will land on the floor for you to lick when your friend manages to get one leg into government house, you begin to come up with all the reasons this is an evil plot.

It is not an evil plot.

It is INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM.

Investigative journalists are annoying AF. It is their job to be annoying AF. To get under the skin. It is their job!

That thing you have been badgering Nigerian journalists to become... the obsession to get to the bottom of something.

That is journalism, idiots!

You people are so poor.

Your povery is in your soul.

You are poor. You are disgusting. 
.
.

When a journalist believed Fyre Festival was a fraud, he took it upon himself to investigate thoroughly. 

While the world was celebrating Billy McFarland, a journalist was DOING HIS JOB...

Looking for all the holes in Billy's life and story.

That is INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM. 

Don't you get it, dunderheads?

It is not a witch-hunt.

It is JOURNALISM. 

If we had investigative journalists, we would have many people from politicians, to pastors, to entrepreneurs investigated constantly.

Investigative reporters are a thorn in the flesh, but that is what makes one brilliant.

You don't want journalism in Nigeria. 

You want copy-and-paste bloggers. You want Hallelujah Challenge. You want Mc Galaxy's live video.

That's what you want, Nigerians.

That's what you deserve.

Stupid people.

Jelaousy ko. Jeun soke ni.

For once in your life, shame your biases.

Or don't. 

I don't care. 

The cosmic has been good to me for a reason. 
.

Whatever, Nigerians.

Whatever!