# Rant1547


March 16, 2019

Let me tell you a few stories...

1..

I remember when I was a teenager - say, 15. I took a bus from my dad's place to my mother's.

I fell out with the conductor, and I rememeber the driver turned and said...

"Who be dat ashawo wey dey make noise for dis bus?!"

I shrunk immediately like a flower.

I was devastated.

That was the first time anyone directed that word at me.

Ashawo.

It didn't matter the circumstances. It didn't matter that it was power play...

I died. And said no word afterwards. 

They won.
.

I got to mum's place and broke down.

"What happened?" She asked.

"A driver called me ashawo," I said.

My mum paused, scrunched up her nose and said...

"You didn't tell him that his mother was the head of ashawo where a goat f*cked her and gave birth to him? Ehn? You didn't tell him so?"

She looked out through her balcony.

"Is that his bus?" She pointed to a random bus across the street.

I shook my head.

"I would have told you to run to that bus and tell him his mother is the ashawo that Satan f*cked when he fell from heaven."

She hissed and asked me to come and eat white rice.

😂😂😂😂
.

2.

In the second single parenting class I started, one of the women called privately to talk about her baby daddy. 

I could tell she was very upset, even though she tried to make it seem like she had it all under control.

I asked her, "why haven't you addressed this with him?"

She said...

"His greatest joy would be to brand me BITTER. So I am never going to give him that satisfaction."

No!

Give him the satisfaction. Be BITTER. 

The most important thing is getting that shit out of your system. 

If you play calm with BITTERNESS, it will eat you and spit you out.

Be bitter.

When you address your bitterness, you will be rid of it.

Holding back and acting like hot sh*t will break you.

Don't break. Be bitter.

It is only for a moment.

Be bitter while you keep slaying all your goals.

But don't you dare act cute without address all of that bitterness.

Let one person in this world raise their left ass and say they have never been bitter...

And I will show you a sociopath.
.

All these tags mean absolutely nothing.

Own them all!

All of them!

As long as you free your soul of what threatens to break you.
.

2015, you all remember I had a profile tagged:

"Bitter Feminist."

I rocked that title for an entire year. I loved it.

For owning it, it lost its shame.

That's how you rise.

If labels hold you back, you will always be small.

And that is what the situation wants. 

That you remain small. Afraid. Quiet. Humbled.

If you deny yourself to live in the strength of what you feel at the monent...

Your own intestines will wrap themselves around your neck and choke you.

Bitterness diminishes, if it is GENUINELY addressed.

I was 101% bitter two days ago when they sent me those screen grabs. Like I saw those screen shots and I was like... WHAT??? 

Yesterday, 60% anger/bitterness was gone.

Today, I have 20% left.

Bottom line is: Progress.

There's an improvement in my state of mind regarding the situation brought to my attention.

Tomorrow... I'll be at 1%

Next week, I'll be whole, healed, nourished, god.

That's how you deal with these things.

Allow yourself feel all the good and bad emotions.

Don't deny yourself the opportunity to pour out your angst.

Let your outrage be an escape from perpetual misery.

You owe nobody any explanation how you heal.
.
.
.

PS: I picked 'The Boyfriend' from the airport this afternoon...

He kissed my cheek and asked,

"How are you feeling?"

"Bitter," I said.

He laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed.

"It is a good day," he said and put his hand around my shoulder like I was his little sister.

Then my eyes met his mocking stare...

And I burst out laughing too.

"New beginnings smell like roses. Love it!" He said and kissed the other cheek.

"I would have asked what's making you bitter, but I followed the soap opera on your page. You finally saw what we knew from day one. Welcome to earth, baby," he said.

PSS: I hate this man 😂😂😂