# Rant1846


October 15, 2019

I tell my kids not to read any relationship book or attend any seminar. 

People who are always on about relationships are the weakest link.

They are afraid of something. Insecure about something. 

It becomes a quiet struggle for them. They have to wake up every day with a sense of anxiety and loss - that the person who promised to be there should still be there. 

"Whew! Thank God. That list of instructions I read is working!"

This emotional policing chips at their pride, peace and self esteem little by little.

They follow all the rules, love as it is advised in some articles... and they expect the lessons to apply. 

It's a performance.

I am weary from just thinking about anything with that level of architectural perfection. 

Love should be flawed and crazy and tough around the edges. There are no books for that. 

The only source of the truth about love is in contemporary series like what Shonda Rhimes creates.

By God! That is the kind of writing I aspire to.

I see a lot of truth in it.  Not once have I rolled my eyes. 

Imperfect people. Imperfect love. Love that feels like dying and living again.

Anything else is a motivational seminar. And motivational seminars are boring!

Aspire to your wholesomeness, but leave us to be crazy. We want to feel love like flames burning our toes, right up to our hearts. 

We want love that consumes us.

We want lovers. Not siblings. 

This, too, is valid.

I'm too smart for anyone to convince that what I want isn't love if it is this fiery.

It is love. 

And deep down, away from your ambition of the perfect image and designer heels...

You want something like that too.

Don't lie.

You just don't know how to be so bad, yet so good.

I mean... I'm an artist. What do you expect?

The world was made by you for us.