# Rant1410


January 2, 2019

The parody of my enemy's friend's enemy's enemy friend bestfriend enemy acquaintance friend friend's friend frenenmy enemy's friend sister's former friend's enemy friend is my enemy...

Is the shit I don't acknowledge.

And sincerely, I do not want to keep up any form of communication with anyone who is friends with people who despise me.

Because I despise them too.

And I think it is too much burden on you - friend in the middle - swinging both ways.

Let me take the burden off you - I will never speak to you again.

See? Now you can face the other side.

I have never been a fan of competition. Pff! Especially this nonsense on Facebook with people who should have higher aspirations yet spend way too much time playing balancing acts with friendships from both ends.

I am arrogant enough to believe that I am better than most.

And my arrogance didn't start in 2018, just because I had a good year.

Even when I had very little, I still believed I was the exception in the crowd. 

During NYSC all the girls hated me.

They all were dating dudes in the location, having sex.

So my decision not to date anyone was a slight on their collective degenerate intellect, plummeting into the abyss of inanity.

And I refused to go to church either.

So they had sex during the week and went to church on Sundays. These people badgered me and called me a sinner for not going to church on Sunday. Such ridiculousness.

I have always believed that the average Nigerian is a f.r.a.u..d.

So they hated me. Because I represented some form of judgement to their conscience. And it wasnt even deliberate on my part. I wasn't trying to be self-righteous. I just didn't want to be having sex in a fucking village with no water!
I didn't care for any of them.

I was serving in Ajaawa - there was no electricity, no water, no toilets!

Why the hell will I be having sex in a village?!!

Then the coolest dude was asking me out. He too refused to date anyone for weeks. And I never spoke to him.

Then he heard that I turned down a secretariat position that would allow me access to government officials and weekend rendezvous for an English teaching position in the neighbouring school where no one could speak English... LMAO!

Dude was smitten immediately, and brought me a bottle of perfume from Enugu when he went for a weekend and back.

And with that bottle of perfume, he asked me out.

And I said No.

And dem girls were furious as fuck.

Because they desperately wanted me to be one of them - just random and mediocre. They wanted me to try to fit in. And everytime I didn't, it meant I was looking down on them.

I wasn't even doing it deliberately.

I sincerely believed they all sucked.

So I was despised oh. And I made sure they had every reason to despise me even more every new morning.

One of them finally approached me, right in the middle of our joint activities, and said...

"Who do you think you are?"

And I was a troublemaker, so I responded.

"I am slim. You are fat."

Shhhhhhhhhhheeeeet!

The world stopped under her feet.

Fuuuuuuuuck!

Everywhere Silence. 

I looked at her - from head to toe, then I chuckled. And walked away.

She followed me behind, abusing me from morning till night. But nothing she said could match those simple words...

"I am slim. You are fat."

Skrrrrii kpaaakpaaaa!!!

And I was very slim then. And she was, well, hippopotamus. So it worked perfectly. 

Stop looking for my trouble, world pipu will not hear!

Same thing on social media!

You will go around e-warming yourself for an e-fight with me. I'll be looking at you from the rim of my sunshade, Kanayo. O. Kanayo style...

When you have finished prancing around like a rat... I will respond with one blow...

Just one small response on my wall...

Then you will start crying and gathering your weak clique to do something before Joy kills you.

I don't have time for any nonsense.

2018 was good. All dem enemies were too broke to fight.

Continue focusing on your poverty, please.

And all that enemy of my friend is my enemy of my frenemy of my friend's enemy is so 2017...

You are spreading yourself too thin.

Here is my formal resignation to our e-friendship.

Whoever you are... you can see I do not try to be a better friend than they are.

I don't currrr.

I ask that you choose wisely - choose my enemy and rest.

Now go and be great.

Whew!
.

PS: I bought a Kate Spade bag last week to remind me that our mental health is something we need to guard (see pix).

All this business of friendship will kill you faster than the pursuit of wealth or art.

I choose Art, mudafuckaz.

What's your bloody focus this year?