# Rant1411


January 3, 2019

Still on Sexual Capital.

My dearest friend, Bola Awe, says I have Intellectual Capital.

That is, trying to distinguish Intellect from Sexual Capital.

Fair enough.

However, Intellectual Capital is Sexual Capital. 

That's the truth. 

I'll explain:

When a woman's intellect is impressive, it gets the attention of a certain type of man.

That type of man first notices how cerebral the woman is, then he starts to engage the woman intellectually.

Cerebral stimulation occurs that begins to expose other qualities of both of them - how her eyes sparkle, how luscious his lips are, how her smile lights up the room, how his cologne fills your presence etc.

He is constantly impressed, he wants to have mind-gasms with her... and vice versa.

That attraction to her brain usually leads to sexual attraction. Esepcially if the woman looks good.

He wants the woman's body because he has admired her intellect for a while.

Because sex is one way to have someone intimately.

Now because we are not dealing with two average people/thinkers, sex will not happen immediately. 

There's an entire episode of this situation that would require the man hoping to give of himself to the woman as she has given to him, intellectually. 

And men of this kind respond with Action.

So he gives of his time, his wealth, he lets his guard down and shares his life because he believes her intellect can carry him well...

But now, the relationship is more than just her intellect. He wants to have her.

He needs to express how much he appreciates her by having sex with her.

Do you people understand?

I am not saying people should go around sleeping with everyone they find intelligent.

Do not forget the place of physical attraction.

There are many smart poeple you may admire but you do not wish to be with them.

However there is always that exception - when intellect matches looks, and chemistry and attraction and lust and conversation all come together... you know you will die if you don't have this person!

I wish for every woman to have that moment with a man who knows what to do with it.

Trust me, it will complete the entire purpose of being Woman.

Almost everything in life is sexual.

If you refuse to accept this, you will always find yourself abusing it or grappling for meaning of it.

And if almost everything in life is sexual, it will immediately give you clarity and direction on the purpose and path of every kind of relationship.

Things will not just happen to you like an im.bec.ile. You would have envisaged it because you are smart... and for being smart your reward is getting what you truly desire, not what bumps in your way.

That is why YOU, smart woman, will never be on Joromi's page or be part of some female group page yapping about what a man did to you.

You know what these ones don't know.

So you see, this course on Sexual Capital has many branches.

It is not what you all think it is.

It is more.

It is so much more.
.

I had over 30 requests for the class yesterday.

Some are stuck in my inbox.

Like I wrote in my last post on Sexual Capital, if you are interested, don't just drop a message in my inbox, send a mail to: taaclearning@gmail.com 

You will get the course outline and fee.

Regards.