# Rant1787


September 1, 2019

Consumer Behaviour #CB12:
.

I'm in Lagos for 24 hours. 

Dropped the kids.

Yup. Holiday is over.
.
.
.

So that time Air Peace had that near-crash incident, in July, I decided to change to AWA airline.

AWA planes are small and they fill up on time.

I flew AWA for the first time last month. I liked it.

The in-flight snack is way better than the cold cupcake Air Peace pushes into your mouth that I never eat.

AWA gives chicken and cheese sandwiches with fruit juices, tea, and biscuits.

Even though it's just a 45 minutes flight from Accra to Lagos.
.
.

This morning, while heading to AWA section...

I saw one million Nigerians on a queue. 
RMD was there too.

It was a market queue. Even my daughters were like... "Where are they all heading to?"

So I asked one of the travelers.

"It's Air Peace flight to Lagos."

Aha!

Toh! Market people.

I sashayed far far away to AWA jejely 😂

"Look at that crowd!" Ife said to her sister as we walked away to peaceville.
.
.

The Boyfriend booked Lilygate hotel for me online. 

He's not in town, as usual. 

This is my first time at Lilygate. 

They gave me a glass of wine and a hot towel at the reception. 

I've only had that kind of reception in Dubai.

I love this hotel.

I always have my nose up when a hotel happens in Lekki. But Lilygate has some really nice finishing. Very similar to Four Points hotel.
.

It has been a day of warm welcoming...

At the supermarket where I bought the children's groceries for school, the manager gave me a bottle of wine.

He was excited when he saw our trolley.

I thought it was some kind of special promo... but he asked for my birthday, I told him June.

He shrugged and gave me a bottle of wine anyway.

"Thank you so much for shopping with us," he was very grateful. 

And it made me wonder... did I buy too many things? 🤷🏽‍♀️

.

I brought my laptop along. 

I have scripts to write. 

How much I love everything about my room.

I'm going to see how it'll inspire creativity.

Then I'll soak myself in the bath later and listen to some music.
.

PS: 
I traveled with just a handbag and a laptop.
Traveling light is underrated.

❤

#consumerbehaviour #branding #brandexperience #brandhabits