# Rant1625



May 10, 2019

When I rented my first apartment as a single mother with two toddlers...

I was afraid. And alone.

I would wake up every morning to declare to my reflection in the mirror that I was NOT afraid.

"I am not afraid."
.

My neighbours - a family of grandparents, adult children in their 30s/40s, wives, cousins, children and toddlers - decided to test my months of zero fear proclamation.

"I am not afraid."
.

I realised almost a year later that this family of over 7 people living in a two-bedroom apartment were stealing from me!

My borehole water.

They had a hose from my borehole leading to their own apartment.

My tap was always empty. I would use my generator to pump water every other hour...

Until a plumber revealed this corruption. 

I flipped.

They flipped.

Why did they flip when they were guilty?

Because I was supposed to be a single mother of two little girls.

I was supposed to be vulnerable.

But I wasn't. 

I went H.A.M on those mudafuckaz.

The grandmother hit the floor with her palm to declare war.

I was supposed to shrivel. I was supposed to break.

But they did not know...

They did not know I woke up every morning to tell myself in the mirror...

I AM NOT AFRAID!

So I told that old woman...

"Fuck you! Get out of my space! Fuck off! I will take your entire family one by one - your sons, your daughters, your grandchildren, everybody. I will crush you!"

And she looked at me as if I had lost my mind. 
.

A few months later, they tried to use a demented family friend to scare me...

I grabbed a bucket of water and a knife...

I locked my children in the house, met the lunatic on the corridor, and told him...

"I will stab you right here and use this bucket of water to wash your blood from my corridor."

He was mentally deranged, but I looked him in the eye and screamed...

"I AM NOT AFRAID OF YOU!"

He shrunk like a timid dog, and left.
.
.
.
.
Bitch, I am not afraid.