# Rant1733


August 2, 2019

Ehen! I promised y'all regular relationship posts, right?

Here goes...
.
.

Two weeks later, we had established some kind of relationship, albeit undefined.

One evening after work, he picked me up and we headed to a restaurant with the aim of loosely defining what we started two weeks ago.

Whilst I enjoyed the fine-dining, I didn't particularly enjoy the tilt of the conversation. 

He seemed to have all the power to decide what we should be, and I despised it. But I let him have his way for the moment. It was such a beautiful place to wear a frown. 

He has good taste, I can't even lie.
.

After dinner, he dropped me home.

The next day, I sent my own definition on WhatsApp:

My after-work hours are not available just for you. I have many things I Iove doing...

I have Netflix, I have really interesting books, I have Facebook, I have my own sense of adventure (e.g: pack a bag and head to Labadi beach hotel for 3 nights) etc... and I love to do these things alone. 

He first acted like he was fine with it.

4 days later, he buzzed and was losing it...

"Joy, can I understand what is really going on? We haven't seen or spoken in four days!"

"I find it rejuvenating," I said.

"Stop fvcking with my emotions. Tell me what's going on!" He said. 

And then I told him, because I do not have time for games - definitely not with African men.

"We went out to DEFINE what we were doing. WE both agreed to this. But then, in typical fashion, you hijacked the narrative and defined US as it best suited YOU. You mansplained my role and excused your hiccups. And I had to listen to you quietly because I had this delicious seafood rice in front of me deserving of my attention."

He was quiet for an eternity. 

"Wow," he finally sighed, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it that way."

"Of course, you didn't."

These are (patriarchal) privileges the privileged are not easily aware of.

So we went cold for another week. 

I had moved on sincerely, finding excitement in everything around me, jogging in the mornings to #brownskingirl and loving my life...  and looking forward to the next adventure, next career opportunity, next life-altering splash.
.

One night, after work, I was Netflixing-and-chillin' when the security guard called to say someone was here to see me.

It was past 8.

He was standing at my door.

"Hi," I smiled.

"If you haven't had dinner, I will like to take you out so we can define what we have TOGETHER," he said, breathlessly.

"Why? Why does it matter?" I shrugged.

"Because I miss you. Because I think I'm in love with you. Because I can't function this past week. Because you are in my head."

I wore a dress and we went out to chill at a lounge with the most beautiful beach view.

And together, we defined what we have...

Sealed with a kiss 💋