# Rant1521


February 24, 2019

Whilst we are waiting for election results, let me share a shocking phone conversation I had with 'The Boyfriend' earlier today.

He called to ask if I'd be going for the bourgeoisie home theatre movie hangout.

"No," I said.

"You like being alone. You are always alone," he said.

"Well..."

"You chose to be alone over being in a relationship with me," he said.

"That's not true. I chose not to take advantage of your genuine love for me over my hectic love for someone else."

He was quiet for a minute, then he said...

"You didn't choose him over me. You chose Aloneness over eveyone."

"What are you saying?" I was genuinely confused.

"It would be weird to say you were leaving me because you'd rather be Alone. That would sound very weird. So what you did was make it seem like it was because of another man. And it is not because of him. It was never about him."

"What are you on about?" Now I'm very confused.

"Joy, you know you are never getting back with that Ex. You don't really want to get back with him. You don't really want him. You enjoy how evasive that situation is because it allows you to wish for someone you don't really want, who doesn't get to cramp your obsession to be Alone. You are obsessed with your Aloneness. And because you know you don't want him and it isn't available to get... you like it because it guarantees one thing - the only thing you really want - which is to be ALONE. You love your Aloneness so much it is in competition with every kind of relationship you have."

I'm dumbfounded at this point.

Then he reminded me of London.

"Remember London? I was going to Sweden the next morning, and you were so excited because you were finally going to be ALONE!"

Pause. Me still trying to understand it all. But then he continues...

"That's your thing, Joy. Alone is your thing. You are the solitary goddess. And because that relationship with that Ex was so undefined and so unsure and so unstable, it was the right relationship to carry in your head because what it gave you was the non-committal license to ensure you will be Alone. You don't want him, you just want your heart occupied by someone whilst you are happy he really isn't there."

Wow!!! 😳

Dude went hard, didn't he?

I'm still processing it all.

I am never speechless. But this left me speechless. 

Gobsmacked, really 😷

Innocent me. Just trying to live my simple life... then he calls to rain firestorms with no provocation from me o! ☹

I was watching Steve Jobs jejely on Netflix with a bowl of icecream and Amarula... then firestorms dropping on my head 🤕

He'll have to spoil me with a gift for me to forgive his utterances 💅

Cos... what da f*ck! 🤷🏽‍♀️