# Rant1931


December  29, 2019

In 2014, someone bought me a knock off perfume!

A toaster!

I unwrapped the gift. 

Looked at the perfume.

And I returned it.

Returning that gift was the most important part...

So he doesn't think, by any stretch, he gave me a decent gift.

Imposter perfumes are one of the worst things you can get anyone.

It shows you have no taste, and you are not even aware of it.

I remember him saying he couldn't afford to get the original. He was offended I returned it. He expected me to pass the gift on to someone who might like it.

A friend, perhaps. Or a colleague at work.

Hian!!!

When a potential love interest confesses they can't afford a gift and they buy the imposter, it is supposed to be cute and honest, right?

Wrong!

Save that for one of those Hollywood/Nollywood rom com. 

I can even write the script for your entertainment, but I will not live the life.

In real life, imitation perfumes are a disgrace.

I mean, ladies can buy their girlfriends body mist and other cheaper scented body indulgences...

But you can't buy "If you like Chanel Coco Mademoiselle, you'll love Champion Madam" for a woman.

Stop that nonsense.

"Poverty" does not mean you are senseless.
.

So what do you buy if you have just N3,500 to splurge on someone you like?

Food.

Local food, to be precise.

Don't be pretentious about affection.

Tell her you are bringing a plate of amala and orisirisi protein, and watch her laugh. She will look forward to it.

Or buy hot roasted plantain (boli) with spicy sauce when you get to the roundabout close to her house.

Or buy ofada rice.

Take a picture while she is eating. Send her the picture later - well edited version - and tell her that you cannot wait to be able to afford to take her to fine-dining.

You will get all the "aww" you deserve. And respect. 

She will look forward to something - anything.

But there's nothing to look forward to after receiving imposter perfumes. 

That shit is a no-fvcking-no.
.

Thanks for listening to my Masterclass.