# Rant1933


December 31, 2019

See ehn...

Tell your children not to be a Titan or a Mercenary or a Marlian.

Tell them to be themselves.

To have strong opinions.

Teach them how to rattle set norms and rules.

And when their opinions are weighed side by side the actions and reactions of a mob...

The mob and all its fiery tendencies will be the weight of a plucked feather from a slaughtered Christmas chicken.
.

Many things are so obvious to see...

But you are not bold. 

I am bold, so I say it. And I wait for the consequences.
.

Some random Neanderthal cursed me and my entire generation because I said Tee billz and Tacha do not make a good team, and the fact that he doesn't have what it takes to represent a reality star.

Anybody with a speck of brain can see that, but not Nigerians - people who find purpose only within cliques and groups. People who are defined by the title of the cult they belong to.

Always searching for a coterie to turn their insecurities into knotted veins of angst.

You are inferior.

What has that goat got to say now that the two have parted ways?
.

In simple Nigerian parlance, I have a back-to-sender grace on my head, in case you haven't noticed.

So best believe that nigga and his curses will return to sender and destroy his life.

Every single curse he spewed will happen to him.

Oh! That we can document the process of his downfall. 

It would be delicious to watch. 
.

I've been chuckling all morning.

Ah! The cringeworthy performance of the Nigerian groupthink.

Every single time. Eish.

You have no personality.

The life of simpletons must be really hard.
.

I am not one of you. I never will be.