# Rant1429


January 11, 2019

Dear Nigerian Rich,

Stop trying to empower Nigerians by speaking and holding conferences.

That is what middle-class people should do.

People like us.

Not you.

Stop hustling in middle-class territories. Do better with your brain and resources.

Your job is to CREATE opportunities for people.

I mean... no one should tell you what to do with your money, but it is hilarious to think that you have "done something" because you can gather 8,000 young Nigerians in a room.

Of course, they will come.

They KNOW you have money.

And Nigerians are very religious about wealth. They believe they have to see you, feel your garment, and be within the ambience your money can create to finally believe they too can make it.

It is not "success" to gather people around for talks in a country where poeple can barely eat.

That cannot be the essence of your wealth in a third world society. As far as I am concerned, it is plain mockery.

Don't give money for free either. Stop that ish.

Let people WORK! Provide jobs with your money.

Unless you got your own money illegally, I sincerely cannot understand how anyone should be giving money for free.

What lessons are you teaching when you do so? How is it even sustainable???

You are part of the problem. You are unintentionally building entitled people without the grit of labour. You are hurting the system just because you want to be liked, acceptable or famous, or at least make more friends.

If you are rich, build sustainable wealth.

Nigeria is a complex system threatened by unsustainability.

If you have wealth, you can create tangible growth, real purpose for others.

It is facked up to have wealthy people giving all these lame inspirational c.r.a.p every other day. Talking. T.a.l.k.i.n.g. Talking. 

White people act differently. 

They BUILD. They CREATE.
 
All those people you are motivating and are ooh-ing endlessly at your wealth, they need jobs. They need structure. 

Create an industry that will employ hundreds of Nigerians.

That's wealth.

Or just shattap and enjoy your money on a cruise. 

We breed a culture of entitlement and fair-weather friends because those who have the financial capacity to build businesses, do not have ideas to make their businesses become an inheritance/legacy for the country. 

All they can do is continue to increase their personal wealth.

And that is not success. That is you mastering the practice of money-making. 

That is ok by itself. If that is you, then be that person with your chest. You don't owe anybody depth.

Nonetheless, people are dirt poor. And to empower would require more than re-telling your famous story of how you succeeded.

Try and stop the temptation of making yourself out to be intentionally d.a.f.t and patronising.