# Rant1534



March 9, 2019

They ask why I never talked about my dad until now.
.

Answer: Because I was upset with him.

It was anger at first. All through my growing years. I was angry at him because he hurt the people I loved. He wasn't exactly kind to them.

And these were the people I spent most of my time with, so there was the obvious disrespect to talk about my father in heroic terms.

Because as a growing woman, he wasn't a hero in my eyes. He was a rich man who was mean to people.

That was the narrative.

And all the kindness he showed me counted for nothing because I was too young to make the clear distinctions and come to my own conclusions on the kind of man he is/was.

So yes, I didn't speak a word about my father in my teens, my 20s, and my 30s.

Not a word.

Not in school. Not to the people I dated. Not in the church I attended. Not even in my marriage.

I told stories about my mother and my elder brother to a point where people thought my father was dead.

But now I see many similarities between us - my dad and I.

And I can say that he wasn't a bad person.

This was a man who told one of his sons...

"You have no brain for school. Don't waste my money, don't waste your time. Go and learn carpentry."

What kind of wealthy man tells his son a thing like that?

My dad.

And you know what? That is exactly the kind of stuff I would say.

One of his sons drowned in the sea that was beneath the mansion we lived in.

While we cried, my father asked for a beer. And he never said a word about the situation - ever. At least not to us.

I am grown now to understand that people deal with grief in different ways.

His way of dealing with grief is valid. Period.

The entire wailing can be hypocritical, you know? Sometimes the murderers are those who wail the loudest. Be discerning.

But these were things I didn't understand then as a woman pursuing likeability and trying to fit in.

I am different now.

I had to finally know who I was, accept who I am, to finally appreciate what my father represented.
.

Also, the fact that he wasn't monogamous upset me greatly. I was ashamed, for real.

I mean... which teenage girl would like to share stories in school about a father who didn't marry any of the women he was with?

The shame. I didn't want to be judged. So as not to be judged, I made sure never to talk about my dad.

And for the unconventional style of living in a mansion with a brothel in one wing of the house, and a club/bar at another wing... I never invited anyone to the seaview mansion.

If you want to visit me, come to my mother's house. She is sane 😂
.

But look at me now, I am my father in many ways - unconventional in ways that gets people to question their own beliefs.

My father is an acquired taste.

It took me 40 years to finally understand him. 

That's how it works with certain people. You require substantial exposure to understand and appreciate them.

And that exposure takes time.

Mine took 40 years.

Imagine staying in a marriage and your partner had no clue how wealthy your father was. Lol!

Apart from the fact that I hate to talk about other people's wealth as if it were mine (yup, your father's wealth is not yours unless he makes it yours)... I was too bored in my 20s/30s to care about getting people's attention through my father's wealth.

In my teens, everybody in school claimed to come from "rich homes", so I was at the corner laughing in my soul.

They don't know what wealth is. If they did, they wouldn't even know where to begin.

So that is the answer.

This entire epiphany happened only last year while I was in London...

It just happened.

I looked at 'The Boyfriend' and said...

"I'll like to tell you about my father."

When I was done. He was stunned.

"Wow," he said.

Yes, wow.

That's my dad. He was "wow".
.

Let me own my story, you hear?

This is 40+ years in the making.

And I will tell it!

Wait for the book.

Peace.