# Rant1878



November 7, 2019

A few years back, I asked myself...

Who would choose me first?

Am I anyone's first choice?

I was sincere with myself, and I concluded that I was nobody's first choice.

If you too are sincere, you'd realise you may be no one's first choice.

My mother would choose my brother first, because the mother-son relationship is a bond you can't break.

I was my father's favourite, but he was wealthy and wealthy people get to choose a lot of things at the same time which dulls any personal rewards I could have enjoyed.

My daughters would choose themselves first. I deliberately made it so. I teach my daughters to be best friends. I teach them to love each other fearlessly, and above everyone else.

Why?

Because they would need each other to navigate through life as young women, experiencing many things for the first time.
I need them to choose each other. I will be there to guide them, but they have to choose each other first.

So yes.
.

And that leaves me all alone.

It is a scary place to be when you confront the truth that you're nobody's first choice.

That was when I started to choose ME.

I became MY first choice.

If I date you and you hurt me, I am getting over you in 1- 2 - 3 days. Best believe.

You're an accoutrement in my life. Nobody cries over a missing button. They get another one.

I remain - by myself - the main garment.

I had to choose me. I had to be my first choice.

So I started using Clarins. I didn't care about the cost.

The day Prisca saw me spend over N200k on Clarins, she wanted to faint 😂

And that's a monthly budget.
(PS: I'm not saying self love has to be expensive. Don't derail. Get my drift).

I decided to travel America. Met with a Facebook friend. Had the time of my life!

I started to care for my mental health. 

I stopped looking for validation. I NEVER chase clout. 

I started saying exactly what I wanted to say.

I started taking walks.

I was choosing me.

And whilst I chose me first, I made sure the two girls who were my responsibility chose one another, not me.

Their generation is going to come with different rules, they need each other.

Many parents force their kids to choose them (the parents). I think that is selfish. 

Some parents even manipulate their children against one another. I think that is wicked.

Tell your children to choose their siblings first! Do the right thing.
.

Anyway I deviate...

So back to choosing me.

I took a break last year and chose someone first, above choosing myself.

That niggaa would have told me to do anything and I would. That was how powerful his hold on me was. I have NEVER given anyone that much power over me emotionally.

It was scary.

Thank God the relationship died!
.

Then The Boyfriend happened.

And for the first time in my life, I FEEL like someone is choosing me first.

I'm not going to ask him, because that would be silly, but I feel it. And what I feel is enough.

He chooses me first, while I continue choosing me first 😁
.

Choosing you is not a selfish decision. It is a smart decision.

Especially for older women. 

If you choose yourself, you care for your children more. It is out of self love that you give real love.

Of course if danger ever happens, you choose to save your children first. But we are not talking danger, we are talking LIFE - every day living.

Choose yourself.

You can't love if you don't first know how to love yourself.

Choosing you is how you get rid of entitled behaviour and bitterness. Do not expect someone else to do for you what you should do for yourself.

You are expecting someone to choose you, when YOU should choose you.

Choosing you brings the right energy and people into your space, and contentment flows from within.

❤