# Rant 1758


August 16, 2019

I told my daughters this evening...
.

In boarding school, you may think you are privileged because I am one of those parents who buy you everything you ask for. 

I mean, what do you ask for that I should deny you?

Cocopops, peak milk, ovaltine, Kellogg's frosties, toblerone chocolate - things like that.

Here, have them! Have 10 of each!

Your supply never goes out.

You deserve it. You are brilliant girls.
.
.

BUT secondary school is not real life.

You will get out of school and you will find 19 year olds driving Lamborghini.

You will find 21 year olds flaunting $10k bag.

You will find 24 year olds living in some castle.

You will come on social media and find vanity insanity.

My daughters, look the other way!

These people don't matter. Do not make them matter. 
Focus on your life, your business. 

What other people have is none of your business. 

It should not trigger jealousy or desire. 

As a child of mine, you are forbidden to use the phrase "God when" to anybody's perceived success. 

God when what exactly? Please don't be unfortunate.
.

Learn what you must learn in whatever situation and move on.

You're not a spectator. You have a life to live. 
.

Remember many black people cannot collaborate. Wealth is only a tool to taunt others. 

Don't hang with them. Don't acknowledge them.

Read about success in first world countries mainly achieved by white nerds, they are less spiteful. 

Your soul must always be free. Your mind rich. Your heart full.
.

And please...

Do not take the advice of any Nigerian - especially when spiced with "God". It's a smokescreen. 

Be happy.

Money is not the goal. 

Self-actualization above all.

You are not a hustler.

You are not one of them.
.

Hurry up with secondary school and let's start making magic together. 

I get the privilege of living three lives - mine and yours -  both of you.

We will live forever. 

We will do all things. 

💚