# Rant1412


January 3, 2019

The businesses that really annoy me are those ones with equipment (camera etc), studio space and resources, YET are not producing content weekly.

Like... you have the equipment, resources and manpower to advance Art in Nigeria...

You have a studio space to shoot content as often as you should...

You have the products and services to sell, YET you are not doing it differently. 

You are not telling stories through the lenses you acquired for business.

I don't understand. 

I see these companies everywhere.

I was in one of those offices yesterday.

Cameras and cameramen and video editors everywhere... yet this company produces one lousy run-of-the-mill content every other month.

But I am here with all these ideas in my head!

The world is unfair, walahi.

Why give money and opportunities to those who don't really need it?

Since collaboration is a foreign language in Nigeria... I am hoping to gather enough resources in this lifetime to buy my own equipment.

I will shoot relevant short films every week.

5 - 10 minutes films that will do things to you.

Themes on depression, marriage, social mask, parenting, adolescence, drug abuse, sex and consent, love, friendship etc.

Loads of content every week.

-Because I am dying here with all this content in my head, and I can only produce one in a month because I have to pay/hire a production outfit to interprete my ideas on screen. 

To hire cameras and cameramen and video editors are expensive! Whew!

Sigh.

This issue is the bedrock of our underdevelopment.

We don't want to collaborate unless it involves our siblings, spouses, friends etc.

The minute you don't fall into that category, they see you as one seeking favours. 

If I work with a production company, it's a win-win.

I get to produce Art that should be consumed - spread knowledge and engage/entertain.

You get to make use of your equipment as often as they should be used for the purpose they are created for!

And you also get to promote your brands through the art I create for you.

How anyone cannot understand that beats me!

But Nigerians think with their toe nails.

Double sigh.

I need my own equipment.

I deserve my own equipment. 

Hear me, Lord!