# Rant1827


September 29, 2019

So I was watching The Bachelor South Africa on Showmax…

When I got to episode 4, I skipped the rest of the episodes and went straight to episode 13 to know the lady he finally gave the ring to.

It didn’t come as a surprise.

Although I thought he would gravitate towards someone else, but I’m not surprised with his choice.

Love is personal. It should have nothing to do with any system of belief. But not too many people are brave enough to live their truth.
.

I didn’t enjoy this South Africa Bachelor reality show because the script was pretty dull.

There were beautiful women, of course. That’s the easiest part, beauty is everywhere!

However, the drama they created was poorly executed. And it affected, in some ways, their own personalities.
.

The American version of The Bachelor always gives you an opportunity to KNOW these women. It’s the script. The script is done in a way that allows situations to happen so you can see how these women will react.

I remember one season where the Bachelor said to one of the ladies that he did something to see how patient she was. The lady laughed and said…

“Nah. That is not the way to know patience. You are uncomfortable that I reacted the way I did because you want a woman who will absorb your male privileges. I won’t.”

I was shocked. I didn’t think I would find a woman of a certain level of intelligence or understanding of the dynamics of gender manipulation on the show.

But that is what makes it possible to enjoy the show. The American version always allows you to KNOW the women – how they react with other women, and how they communicate with the Bachelor.

South African’s version however, has a problem with the script. It is so badly written. The execution is bad. And the end result didn’t seem genuine.
.

In Episode 13 (the last episode), all the women come back to share and defend their opinions all over again. It is always the best part of the show. They confront themselves and the also address the Bachelor.

South Africa’s last episode, however, is a wet mop! My goodness! I think it is criminal to have a reality show so boring, so lacking in content. It was like prom rehearsal. These women had nothing to say! And this is supposed to be a show about Love – the most controversial topic in the world!

Even the bachelor fella added no spice. The directing and scripting was poorly done that he didn’t get to look desirable enough, even though you can tell he is an intelligent man.

The production of this show in SA did not take the time to unveil the most important angle to reality shows – emotions.

After a minute, the women all seemed like a dull hum of a lazy song.

The gloss of SA is beautiful. But the show itself lacks character.

Any emotion you’ll experience watching it may come naturally from women who didn’t get the “final rose”.
.

And of course, the black girls were there as props and accessories. It was so obvious the bachelor kept them for a while longer than he really would have wanted because he wanted the viewers to believe he was liberal as a lover.

He wasn’t.

He didn’t create any real conversation with any of the black girls. And he clearly treated them as pals and not people he could potentially fall in love with.

One black girl left. In episode 3.
She said she didn’t feel a connection.

Another black girl said the Bachelor (Lee) ignored her through a threesome date and focused on the fairer woman.

These conversations about colour will never end.

But like ageism, it is boring to always go for the obvious. And if I can predict who you’d end up with, then what’s the point of the show?