# Rant1879



November 10, 2019

A man cheats.

A woman uses menstrual blood to make his food so he stays faithful...

She stands naked with the moon by midnight with herbs and cowries and shii to incite some kind of black magic to keep a man...

She inserts all kinds of substances inside her vagina to make him stay.

All this nonsense just to keep an average Nigerian man.

These men we see every day.

These men?!

Bhet... I thought we all agreed they are t.r.a.s.h? No? 🤷🏽‍♀️

These men are the ones making you jump from pillar to post.

You say they are t.r.a.s.h but you won't let them be. You want them to metamorphose to snow?

I don't get.

Women and their small dreams.

Your entire ambition is to be loved by a man, you do unimaginable things to coerce another human being to be with you.

There's only one criminal in this set-up, and it's not the man.
.
.

Cheating is not the worst thing a human being can do in a relationship, this diabolical behaviour is.

Many people are not monogamous. Stop forcing people to love you unconditionally. Stop allowing institutions tell you how to love.

These are the reasons for your despicable behaviour, you actually think someone owes you happily-ever-after. Can you not see how this cookie continues to crumble?

You are not a romantic script. You are a human being living in a real world! Grow up! Use your head.

Let people go!
.
.

Men and women cheat.

But you'll only hear of women trying to trap an average nigga with delicious chicken stew sauteed in menstrual blood.

If black magic actually works, why not use it on Buhari so he can love you enough to provide amenities for Nigerians? You need water and you need electricity in that country. Use your magic for smarter things.

How you people find the time to be so basic is a wonder.
.
.

One of my best scenes in The Fixer was when Mellie Grant asked her husband, President Fitz what he wanted.

He said he wanted Olivia Pope in his life. He loves her.

Mellie smiled and said, "Ask me what I want".

He asked her, "Mellie, what do you want?"

He probably thought she was going to say, "I want us to work on our marriage" or "I want Olivia Pope out of our lives".

Nope. She said none of those things.

"Mellie, what do you want?"

Mellie's response: "I want to be the President of the United States."

I stood up from my couch and I clapped.
.

See ehn, your dreams are too small as women. Too small.

Any woman trying to jazz a man is no better than a roach. You are wasting away the potential you have to be great.

I know alot of people have small ambitions - nothing wrong with that, just make sure no matter how small your ambition is, it is not as disgraceful as trying to trap a niggaa into loving you.

What do you need his love for? If it's not coming from a place of conviction, why do you need it?

Can't you love yourself?

That entire thread on Oloni's Twitter page is a mess.

There's no man on this earth worth the sacrifice of your sleep. You have been conditioned to think otherwise.

Religion keeps packaging men as the Prize. 

This is what society gets in return - menstrual blood a la carte.

Bon appetit 🤮
.
.
.

Teach your daughters to go to sleep without any fvcks given about any man.

This nonsense must die with your generation.

Tueh.