# Rant1458


January 20, 2019

LMAO!!!

I'm reading this lifestyle piece on the v.a.g.i.n.a by a feminist gynaecologist on NewYork Times... because I like when science meets pop, and flirts a bit with Art.

The article isn't going like I think it should.

It is a bit too casual... too we-are-oh-so-special-as-women. 

Almost like she wants to convince the world to wrap us in ribbons and present us back to the world without a word of how we too, as women, f*cked up the world.

But I keep reading, hoping I'll get to some tangible truth.

Then I stumble on the next sentence...

"Men are lucky to see us naked."

I hiss. But as I am about to log out of that mess, I read the first comment:

"Indeed, men are very lucky to see us naked," one woman says.

Then a worthy response from a man follows:

"I'm sincerely lucky not to see you naked."

Then another woman says, "And you are supposed to be a gentleman. Such a pr*ck."

Then all the men in the world showed up with their daggers and slaughtered many.

And my day was fully made.

Enough of this BS. 

You are not special because you own a v.a.g.i.n.a.

And I'm so sick of this narrative. 

It's patronising. It's weak. And it holds no truth, no real solution to the problems it tries to solve. It does absolutely nothing except present women as needy and always seeking validation. 

No man I am with is "lucky" to see me naked, just as I believe I am not lucky to see him naked.

We strip off our clothes to have sex with people we desire. And we would expect to be treated fairly and with respect. 

Period.

Get over yourselves.