# Rant1425


January 8, 2019

If you are 20+ and from a poor family...

You have no business falling in love.

You are wasting your life, walahi.

And that is putting it mildly.

You are shitting on your destiny.

Who are you falling in love with? These Nigerian men??? Don't be silly!

You are wasting an opportunity to be and do all the things you can do with an uncommon drive that middle-class millennials will never understand.

Don't be silly dreaming about a man.

You are young and p.o.o.r!

It is the perfect recipe for unlimited magic and greatness. 

Leave your comfort zone. Take a bus trip to Lagos. Squat with a friend. Get a job at a supermarket. Be the most hardworking worker there. Be nice. Smile at the customers.

Do not be patronizing. Never beg. Let your work ethics stand out. And don't be part of any silly clique.

What are you cliquing for in a supermarket with fellow sales girls?

You are all living below minimum wage. You have no business chilling with them beyond office hours. You can't spend your time talking about boys and Africa Magic. 

You have a life to DO.

Resign after a while. That is not the dream job. Remember you are living on the edge - no family with a dime, no child, no husband... just Youth and boundless energy!

Go and work at other jobs.

Work in a canteen. Learn how to cook as a small business owner. Start your own small cooking business. Put that bowl on your head and go sell to men at construction sites and bus stop.

Don't date those ones. 

Don't date anyone.

FOCUS!

You have a gadget, right? See how you can be an errand executive for the businesses people run on social media. Start with e-friends you are familiar with. Create a need in the businesses and fill the gap.

You are poor, not stupid. 

Always look for how you can build people's businesses. Therein lies your own salvation. 

Do everything.

Heck, sell condoms in a tray at a university. 

Buy a broom and say you can clean houses. Because you can, damnit!

Buy detergent and do some home service laundry!

I don't care.

JUST DON'T SPEND YOUR TIME DREAMING OF MEN AND CHILDREN.

You are poor, for chrissake!

Dream of money. And a trip to Marrakesh. And the pina colada you will sip in Paris. And starting your own online business.

Dream of things that actually improve your life.

The reason you dream of love is obviously for the lies Africa Magic has fed you about the rich handsome son of Chief Ezeoku, who will dump his breathtakingly beautiful girlfriend, who studied architecture in New York, to marry YOU with your dirty slippers and your knackered education. 

I know Igbo pipu do these things...

But please don't waste your time dreaming of this nonsense. 

It's Nollywood, for chrissake. They are insane. 

No man leaves his sophisticated woman for a poor and barely educated girl who can't find ukwa to eat.

No man with any kind of sense does that!

So why don't you spend your time building yourself so you can become the kind of woman worthy of a certain kind of man's attention. 

And that takes time.

So don't even worry about that just yet.

Just FOCUS on building yourself. 

You have all the advantage in the world!

You are young. You are poor. There's no shame. There are no expectations. No social standards to worry about.

Nothing.

Binch, get the fack out of your own way and FLY!!!