# Rant1735


August 3, 2019

Things women say that explore deep insecurities:

1.

"I can't be a runz girl, so I have to work really hard."

No one, absolutely no one, said you should be a runz girl. No one! So what are you yapping about?!

Bloody hypocrites!

This idea of ALWAYS bringing other women down to feel good about yourself is not only sick, but stale as fvck.

Be original. 
.
.

2.

"A man loves you only when he... (then they go on to mention a pile of mess to justify why their own love lives are better than the next woman's, labeling other women).

My father told me something a long time ago...

"Never let another woman show you the signs of what a man's love is."

And my father would know, he loved many women!

Women, you don't know shit.

Stop labeling other women based on what you perceive of their lives with the men they've been with... or are with.

Love your love. Deal with your own headaches. And mind your business. 
.

3.

"You don't have to be naked to be sexy."

Of course, this dreadful caption always goes with the moron covered from head to toe.

She is not a moron for being covered. She is a fvcking moron for trying to bring other women down by lame comparison.
.
.

Women, learn to tell your stories without shaming other women. Try to be decent human beings.

I know it's above you to be sensible, but try. 

Try hard to mind your business. And leave other women out of your need to gloat. 
.
.
.

Women, the enablers.

If you find a misogynist anywhere, there's a woman championing his cause for her own benefit, hoping he stays a misogynist to every woman except her and those she wants him to be nice to.
.
.

Pick-mes are a disgrace. 

Pick-mes packaged in Feminism Lite sachets are abominations. Their convictions change every week.

They're either going to sound woke or die.