# Rant1679


June 28, 2019

The best protection we can provide for children is Information. 

The best bulwark is teaching them to apply Information appropriately as it suits their lives.

The entire exercise of people always getting shocked by what others do is trite.

What could be more shocking than fathers who rape their children?

They are all over the place, walking freely and blaming the devil.

Their wives are shocked, their neighbours are shocked, society is shocked... and nobody remembers to get JUSTICE. 

Information and Justice. Period!

To hell with shock. 

I don't rate humans at all.

It is a wicked world... once in a while these wicked lot show kindness.

Not the orher way round.

Fatoyinbo is a pig. Once in a while he shows kindness. He CHOOSES whom he is kind to - his wife, his daughters, his mother...

Every other woman, through his lens, is a whore.

That's his psychological makeup.

Understand these things and seek justice. 

"Shock" gets in the way of how we should treat these people. 

"Oh my God! I'm so shocked..."

One year olds are raped regularly.

Is it because those kind of gist comes from poor communities and we already rate those ones as animals?

Catholic priests in advanced societies are raping little boys and girls.

Yet the world is still "shocked".

There's no kind of despicable crime we have not heard.

Men sleeping with an unwilling ram in the bush.

I mean... shock is the last thing any human in 2019 with access to information and internet should constantly experience. 
.
.

And get this...

God did not ordain anyone as a pastor or spiritual head on you.

WE ARE GODS! The bible says...

What is higher than a GOD?

Nothing.

Tell your children, "Ye are gods."

Nothing and no one is higher than a god.

Get Information.
.
.

Hopefully we get past the sensationalism of these stories, understand that many people will be as vile as the situation presents itself, and seek only for JUSTICE.