# Rant1930


December 27, 2019

Allow me share some of my tricks for 2019.

Time-wasting. 

I thoroughly dealt with time-wasting and time wasters.

That single action made me more productive. I did more, and I achieved more.
.
.

Here are a few time-wasting tricks:

12pm is the end of a day.

The minute it is noon, the day is over. That’s how my mind is structured. 

Time begins to fly when it strikes 12, so I start to focus only on what needs to be done without distraction, until everything I have scheduled for the day is done.

12pm to 6pm happens in a blink of an eye. 

The longest hours are 6am – 12pm. The shortest hours are 12pm – 6pm (if you love what you do). Then it’s time for dinner, then you go to bed. Another day breaks. What did you achieve?

I do not joke with myself the minute time clocks 12pm. If you waste your afternoons, you waste your life.

Yea, yea, they’ve written a million articles about “morning people as productive geniuses”.

Whatever you think in the morning, you can achieve in the afternoon.

It all comes down to how you use your afternoons.
.
.

Rich Nigerians.

There's a myth about rich Nigerians wanting other Nigerians (who sign up for their Masterclass) to be just as rich.

Bwahahahahahahahahhaha!

Nothing can be farther from the truth, dahling. 

Don't be a simpleton. 

Do yourself a favour and stop famzing rich Nigerians. They are not going to give you money. They are not going to give you even opportunities. They are not going to share their space with you. They will not uphold your dignity. They will employ you and pay you (or not pay you) like any other (ir)responsible Nigerian employer. 

They are not special. Stop treating them with any special regard. You will not get rich(er) famzing the Nigerian rich. As an average Nigerian, your life will not change just for being employed and working in the environment as your rich boss. Unless, of course, you have some streak of ingenuity that can sieve trash from gold for your own benefit. Many people can’t.

Save yourself some dignity. Do not say I did not warn you. Rich Nigerians are time wasters. YOU are the pedestal they need to continue to amass wealth, not the other way round.
.
.

Relationships.

Love language. Time-wasting in relationship is when you ignore your love language and hook up with someone ill-equipped for you or vice-versa. You are going to be disgruntled all the fvcking time. Preserve your mental health and consider love languages when you date.

Yea, it’s one of those woke terms. Ignore it at your own peril.
.
.

Friends.

You people are still explaining yourself constantly in friendships? That can never be me. Never again!

Time-wasting camaraderie is beneath me and everything that I have become. I will not waste my time trying to explain to anybody about anything that has to do with my life. I find explanations really exhausting. I find friendships that require constant validation atrocious. I find friendship with too many women and gossiping, time-wasting mechanics. 

I do not gossip - not in the last three years. Nobody is top priority in my mind to ever occupy my time to gossip about them. 

These years have become my best years, so far. I have achieved a lot, and I have not even started.

Don’t waste my time with your friendship. I don’t need it. 

And whoever you bring to the table as gossip topic is basic at best.

I am too proud and my mind is excellent to give myself to that.

Not anymore.
.
.

Haters.

Do not waste ONE minute being affected by haters. Do not expend any kind of energy on people who do not like you or agree with you. If they want to troll, grow some flowers in your courtyard. When they show up with that sense of entitlement to evaluate your matter, they would find your house in better form than their shack. If they have any shame, they will return to the business that should feed them.

If this is too over the top for plebeians, just buy insecticide and kill those roaches.

These people and their opinions ain’t shit. I don’t rate them. They can never affect me.
.
.

Family time wasting issues. 

“You did not greet your uncle well."
“You did not smile when aunty Bisi walked in."
"You did not wear aso ebi."

Family and their complaints are never-ending. They take too much of your emotional time. I hate it so much! I hate the complaints because they are so empty, so unnecessary! I have decided not to entertain them any longer. Polishing egos is not my best sport.

At some point, you need to stop giving your time to these incessant stuff they come up with.

Protect your mental health.
.
.

Business.

I run a business (scriptwriting) that does not require too many meetings. So far, I have not had any of my clients pair me up with other writers for a joint screenplay project. I write alone – movies and series. I get the brief, sometimes on the phone, and I get down to writing.Two weeks later, your script is done.

The process of screenwriting is easy for me. I am writing Stephanie Linus’ big screen movie for next year, and all we did was talk on the phone for a few hours, and money transferred. I didn’t have to meet her.

My point is: if your job doesn’t require endless meetings, do not encourage it, and do not make yourself available for it.

I am almost done with Uru Eke’s script, and I haven’t met her since the start of 2018.

You’ll realise that people who waste your time, have no intention to work with you or pay you.

I can sniff them from a mile.

I am not available for endless meetings.

Do not waste my time.
.
.

Hopefully you find what the time wasters are in your life and get rid of them for 2020. You’ve been too average for too long.

 ❤