# Rant1612



April 30, 2019

This Lekki estate life gets on my nerves.

You pay fancy rent

Service fee, security and electricity all rolled into your rent until the figures are obese AF.

You are not allowed to bring your own generator because... boujee.

There's a central generator with the tiniest sound to complete the pretention of Manhattan lifestyle.

But diesel is our god. They have had so many meetings to see how to appease this god of electricity. 

"Diesel is expensive," caretaker cries. "Perhaps we should cut the hours and hope for NEPA to do the rest."

But NEPA is a Nigerian lover. Disappointment is its nickname. 

Nobody hopes for NEPA.

Nigerians have made a mockery of Hope, it has lost its value.

We used to have the generator running from 7pm to 7am everyday.

Now its 7pm to 4am.
.
.

I drive in a minute ago and the security announces with a heavy heart that there is no diesel.

What does this mean?

It means I'll be groping in the dark in my apartment like the rest of the tenants in their own apartments all night until, perhaps, NEPA whistles in our ears.

And this is Lekki.

The hopelessness of Nigeria is appalling. 
.

If I could, I would run to a hotel until I leave this country for good.

But Nigeria turned me to an entrepreneur, and now I am selling body wash and fashion accessories when I should be creating #GOT kind of content, so all my small money is tied to one business thingy or the other.

I can do this, yes.

But do I want to do this?

Truth is, if you are smart, you will do well in a lot of things...

But the question is...

IS THIS WHAT YOU SHOULD BE DOING THAT GIVES YOU CONTENTMENT?

No!
.

I am counting down to leaving this country, I swear!

Everyday brings me closer.
.

And like I said before...

If Ghana doesn't treat me right, I'll go to Kenya, then Rwanda...

I hear Namibia is a great African country. 

I'll go everywhere. I'll go to the moon. 

I'll get lost searching for nothing. 

That is the only thought that keeps me happy.
.
.

Now, I'm just sitting in my car thinking what to do.

Stay in an apartment without light???

Why do I feel like a prisoner?

Sigh. Sigh.

Let me go and play with snapchat filters.