# Rant1665



June 17, 2019

One aunty is frothing at the mouth, giving me advice about my relationship with The Boyfriend.

The silly average advice any plebeian can give:

"Dear Joy, why don't you try and date this man exclusively. He loves you so much."

Sigh. Black people!!!

You don't know me. You don't know him. You don't know what our individual pursuits are. You are not privy to our conversations or engagements - nothing!

But you want to advise us on how to love by your fucking uninspiring, unimaginative, lifeless standards.

Why are people like this?

Are your lives so empty?

You want to advice a 42 year old woman and a 43 year old man what to do with their relationship - how you think they should love.

This man has travelled to over 15 countries.

He has lived in Dubai, London, Finland, Tokyo for a few years 

His career requires that he eats breakfast in Germany and dinner in France.

In a week, he would have touched 5 continents as an Intrapreneur. 

You really think a man like that is starved of female attention and desperate lust and love from women?

Yet he chose to be with me.

Me, who will not cook.  
Me, who will not be in an exclusive relationship.
Me, who will not have sex.

He works in Lagos. He knows all about "virtuous women"... yet he chose me and my rebellion.

When you women think about the fact that a 42 year old single mother, celibate, rebellious gets the full attention of the guy you think YOU deserve for being a "virtuous woman"...

It must really hurt that you do not have his type.

You who is dying to cook him egusi soup and hang your legs on a chandelier for easy access to your g-spot still can't get anyone to send you airtime.

It kills the average Nigerian woman always trying to act worthy of a man's "love" when a rebel gets the cream. 

He knows your type. You are in every cranny in Lagos.

But he'd rather be with me.

I have never lied to him and I have NEVER stopped him from exploring life.

I have never stood in his way. E.V.E.R.

If he was a businessman, I would build his empire with my last sweat. 

But nigga is balling in corporate world. Living a good life. Free of unnecessary stress.

I stan him. He stans me.

But we are not exclusive. 

How adults in 2019 cannot understand this, beats me.

Stop worrying about two upwardly mobile adults living their best lives. 

Go and find somebody who will accept you for your authentic self...

And mind your business.