# Rant 1755


August 16, 2019

I left Nigeria, but the property lawyer at my Lekki office keeps sending emails regarding service charge fees.

I paid full rent but they need service fees. 

I paid service fee for half the year while I was there, now that I'm gone I don't use their electricity or any service, nothing. 

Roberta only goes there when there's delivery to be made. And I've told her to pause on all of that trade. I'm too busy in Accra to care.

I've told her to go and pursue Art and not let anyone turn her to a trader.

I'm doing same.

Whatever we have going at Lekki is skeletal business. 

So the verdict from the property people was I had to leave... even when I paid full rent. Even when my rent has not expired. They keep going on about service charge, which covers the bulk of diesel purchase for electricity... but I don't need their bloody electricity!

They, of course, showed me a clause in my agreement about their almighty service fee.

Imagine paying half a million naira for a charge you have no need for. 

I finally told The Boyfriend about the matter after chewing the edge of my dress in angst. I've got a lot of stuff in that office. I paid my rent. Nobody is there, why bother me about diesel money?

The Boyfriend was so bored with the back and forth...

So he paid for a store in Akoka and told Roberta to pack my office load there. Enough of the service charge bullshit.

"Rest, babe. Rest," he said last night. 
.
.

I write the chronicles of The Boyfriend in the clouds... because the earth is grime and unworthy of his kind.

Thank you, MAN ❤