# Rant1557



March 24, 2019

The Accidental Entrepreneur #10
.
.

I am getting a business shop in Festac. 

I am moving HAIR LUVAZ and a new business I am about to launch to Festac.

I think letting go of my apartment left a void in my heart.

Festac was my life for 30 years.

But I am not doing this based on sentiments.

I don't do anything based on sentiments, at least not for too long.

Commonsense always comes in to save me. Lol!

Write Culture, TAAC, Island Weekly operate from Lekki, of course. 

But I need a Festac shop for other businesses. 

I understand the spending habits and the temperament of that community. I understand how rent works and what businesses work. 

Besides, all my small businesses rely on deliveries, so my customers are not limited to an environment. 

We don't get shops for the purpose of walk-in customers, we get shops to place/store our goods for delivery purposes... and of course, for the random walk-ins.

I will not drop a sales executive in a store and expect people to walk in.

Nobody is "walking in" in 2019.

If you want "walk-ins" go and open a store on Oxford street in London. 

Here in Nigeria, you take the products to your customers.

Especially if you run a small business. Take that business to the door of your customers. Package the business properly.
.

I can't wait to launch this one.

It's a one-stop beauty/style store... 

All you'll need to do is scroll through our goods on Instagram, pick what you like, make a transfer and your beauty/style buys will get to you wherever you are nationwide. 

Instagram handle coming up.

New business soon launch. 

Life as I know it is busy.
.
.

PS: The only person I'd shared this with was Roberta. 

I try to stay away from the "buts" of life.

All I want to hear is a shriek and a "Yes, we can!"

That's what Roberta gives me. That's what I need. That's the energy I choose to operate in.

I deliberately orchestrated this new life I am living, this energy is all me... because I can.

I surround myself with good energy... and only one person has been consistent with giving me that.

I made my manager into what I want so I can successfully run my businesses. 

Bad energy is the devil's fart! And I shall have none of it in my space!

I believe this same energy I have taught Roberta to nurture will guide her through her own life. 

Positive energy is the only thing worth paying attention to. Life is too short for doubts.
.

So yes! New store coming up. Delivery right to your door anywhere in Nigeria.

Same excellent service like you have enjoyed with Nzuri.

Oh! By the way, have you ordered your Nzuri for the week? 😘

Go ahead and call/text/WhatsApp: 08020633285

Contact any of our distributors closest to you (check previous posts for all their contacts).

Have a week of toxin-free skin ❤