# Rant1846


October 15,. 2019

This would be hard to believe, but this is exactly how it happened...

When I resigned, stakeholders thought I got another job - probably a fatter cheque.

I said I wasn't leaving for another job.

I wasn't.

And it is hard for people to understand how anyone would leave a salary behind. 

I get that. But I'm not one of you. I say this all the time...

I am not one of you.

From Lagos to Accra, I nor be una.

There's no point for someone like me to lie about anything. 

I am not subscribed to likeability. I do not belong to any suffocating friendship or clique. I am not hungry for clout. I generally do not give a rat's ass about a lot of things. 

'Truth' is easy for me. I say it and move the heck on.
.
.

So I resigned from my day job, and had a few weeks left, which I shortened to a few days and forfeited a month's salary. That was how badly my mental health suffered. 

That level of mediocrity is beyond my conscience and tolerance. 

It is an insult to my intelligence.
.
.

Last Wednesday, I sent in Season 2 of a script for IrokoTV.

I tried calling Mary to tell her I had sent her the script. But I have only her Ghana and UK phone numbers. She was in Lagos at the time. I didn't have her personal Nigerian number, and I wasn't in the mental space to call through her personal assistant. 

On Thursday, she called me in the evening. I was home. 

"We like the script! Oya, start season three," she said.

We discussed other things, like we normally do...

Then I mentioned I had resigned.

"Ah! This babe! You get liver o!" She said and we laughed.

Friday morning - my last day at work, she called. I was in the office. 

And the first thing she said was...

"Joy, will you like to work at IrokoTV?"

I said, "Yes. But I'm not leaving Accra for Lagos."

"You don't have to. Our Accra office is solid."

She's right. I've been there. 

She travelled during the weekend, so we will have a proper meeting when she's back in November, which gives me enough time to write all the scripts I have at the moment.

So yes.

That's the story.

I close doors and challenge the universe to open a bigger door...

Then I close it again, and demand the universe to open another one...

Then again. And again. 

It's the universe. It is 13 billion years old. It would always have options. 

The universe is as bored as I am, so we keep up this game. And I love it.

Because as far as we have breath, we should never stop searching.

Some day, I will find what I am looking for, with the amount of authority to actually make a difference. A structure that fits me like a glove.

Until then, I am enjoying my suspense-filled journey, and ready to put in my best wherever I find myself. 

This is me writing my truth. 

✌