# Rant1928


December 23, 2019

My girls are doing house chores in the kitchen, so I'm looking through their phones in the living room...

I see a chat where one of them is talking to a boy.

My daughter is writing impeccable English and trying on proper conversation...

And this boy is typing "yh" "kul" "tanx".

I'm impressed with her on one hand, because she is very intelligent in this chat...

But I'm also pissed because... why does she need to talk with this boy who cannot engage?!

Nonetheless, I'm uncomfortable because the conversation feels too mature.

The boy is also a kid so it isn't predatory or anything, and I know I cannot really stop kids from engaging on certain level...

But I don't like this chat.

It's really not about the chat or the app, it's me being uncomfortable because I know too much and too little at the same time.

It's me understanding this phase of their lives and how RIDICULOUS it is to ever take anyone seriously when you are a teenager.

I know. They don't.

But it doesn't matter what I know, people want their own experiences.

It's not enough that you tell them how to navigate life and what to pay attention to...

Still people want their own experiences untainted by the experiences of others who claim to see what they can see sitting down.

You know that nonsense they say about old people.

"I sEe wHaT yOu caNnOt sEe sitTiNg doWn."

Young people don't care about that shit.

Even during the time when we had just NTA and no phones, we still heard stories.

I always forget that just because I was a kid who didn't care to engage with anyone, doesn't mean I'll have kids who'd naturally be like me.

They are not me.

Besides I am not JIB to them, I am mum. And mums are not supposed to be woke. LOL!

I have gone through my own insecurities of being wanted and seeking external validation. And I'm trying to save them from that.

But they won't just wake up and be 42.

They are teens! Their hearts will get broken and shit.

I know I cannot really do anything except constantly educate them. 

But I can seize their phones! Hehehe.

So I'm gonna do just that.

Yup.

If e pain dem make dem use empty tin and rope take communicate with their peers all the way in Nigeria.
.
.

Oh! And there's a part of the conversation where she says...

"Dude, I can spell words you have never even heard of."

Dayuuum! *applause!* Encore!!
.

PS: Still going to seize their phones.
.

PSS: Parents, check on your children's communication devices. Wherever you are - from Ikotun to Chicago 😊

And if they don't have devices and you are grooming them to be prayer warriors, denying them every modern tool... your own case is worse.

Curiosity will be met whether digitally or manually.

I have said my own.
.

PSS: Let me go and have a talk with my brilliant daughters. I'm not even mad or shaken, just bored with it all... because I KNOW THESE THINGS!

Toh.