# Rant1674


June 25, 2019 

I think it is distasteful that we insult doctors for being "poor".

Trust me, you do not want an ambitious doctor doing anything with your body.

We are so poor in our thinking that no matter how rich we are, we are inherently poor.

It is why rich black people brag.

Because they think its either they get rich OR they become slaves. 

There are no middle grounds, no other kind of achievement except getting richer. 

It's the most unambitious ambition. 
.
.

You can't insult doctors. It makes no sense.

Your body is a playground of diseases, some of them with no cure.

The fact that you can afford to pay for expensive surgeries and treatments is due to the research and commitment of scientists.

Please leave science and doctors out of your bashing.

These ones are above this hustle you have all become.

Respect the people closest to God on earth.

Doctors are God's representation on earth, not your ill-educated, thieving pastors. 

You will die like a rat if there are no drugs for HBP.

No pastor can pray that shit away.

There is no room in a decent society for doctors to be mocked.

I repeat, you do not want to have ambitious doctors. You want educated, compassionate doctors with experience.

I know people who yab the cars doctors drive!

Sigh. Nigerians! Tueh!!!

Not everybody wants a million dollars.

How many times do we have to say this?!

What is a million dollars when you have cancer?

Why can't we be decent people?

This third-world life mixed with black insecurities is something no amount of money  can cure.

There are receipts all over social media.

It's cringeworthy. 

Leave doctors out of your hustle and money-bashing, please.

Some of us still want pediatricians who can cure our children's cold without thinking of ways to sell their kidneys in the process just so they can meet up with today's fast world and "get paper".

Fvck you and your paper.

Show some respect to people who keep others alive.
.

And teachers... do not disrespect teachers too.

We've done this for so long that the honour attached to these careers have been stripped.

So we have teachers also trying to make an extra buck just to keep up, to the detriment of teaching!
.

Sigh.

I hate so much that I am African and no value is bigger than making money... and the way we respond to money...

And the fact that that is all we need to have to believe we should be heard. 

Mark Zuckerberg's wife is still gainfully employed to service. She is working. Adding real value.

She is not a slay queen. 

There's nothing wrong with the bulk of your time committed to slaying...

But you must learn to respect those who do not  care very much for these things.

We must understand that there is Honour and there is Money...

And Honour is more valuable than money.