# Rant1837


October 8, 2019

Reduce the power men hold.

I've always said this.

Men hold too much power.

"Bottom power" is not power. That is for lesser mortals. 

All that neck-to-turn-head, submission-as-a-powerful-tool is nonsense. 

Men hold real power. Unquestionable power.

Any gender that holds too much power will abuse power. 

In marriages, in religion, in academia, in politics, in business, in every area of life, men hold more power than women. 

That is why I ALWAYS say we need to dilute the power and control men have, made possible by Patriarchy - a system that runs throughout the world in different degrees.

Spread the power to both genders. 

If you have 70% more female lecturers than male in universities, abuse will reduce.

They will, of course, be women who will abuse male/female students, but it will not be anywhere as alarming as what exists.

Spread the power!

Pick-mes, get the fvck out of the way when real women want to take that power by force!

GET OUT OF THE WAY!

If you have more female religious leaders, abuse will not be as disturbing as it has been for a long time. 

Take power from men. 

Spread the power to more women! And make them aware that this is 2019 and they have power!
.

This is my greatest fear: that a man would have power over me.

Every time I feel it about to happen - under any institution - I disengage. 

Because I have come to understand what POWER really is.

It is not money. It is not a successful business. It is not a yacht. It is not happiness.

Power is your MIND.

I am so happy that Kiki dropped out of school. 

That is enormous power, and I hope she knows that. 

It is what I would do.

It is what I would teach my daughters to do.

Leave everything! Stand alone! Do not be afraid.

Recognize your Power!

Girls are vulnerable. Teach your daughters rebellion. It will save them!
.

Two things: 

1. Do not be silent. 

2. Do not be afraid to give it all up. Else you are just a slave to the system, even if the system rewards you.

It is courage. It is power.

We need to teach our daughters about POWER.

Leave the church and sit at home.
Resign from the job without any other offer.
Leave the marriage without any lover waiting to take care of you. 

Test your POWER.

Men do not have to have this much power.

It is insane!

It is wrong!

Take some power from every man in your life - fathers, brothers, uncles, bosses, lovers.

I have! I take power all the time. 

Whew!