# Rant1426

January  8, 2019

Oh my God!

There was this hateful, terribly bitter, misogynistic man that spent his entire time subbing every other post I wrote a few years back...

First he was an e-friend and was very hostile. I am not usually interested in explaining myself beyond just writing a post and moving on... but he was always on my wall, offended by who I was and my audacities and what I stood for.

I got tired of having him anywhere near my comment section, so I unfriended him.

You'd think it would end there, right?

Wrong. 

He grew even more unpleasant and antagonistic. He would share my posts and rain a bunch of bitterness on them on his wall. Or he would find my friends' walls and tear through my shared posts ruthlessly.

I thought he was very insecure and afraid. And I really don't like to deal with men who exhibit pugnacious behaviour.

So I blocked him.

Only a minute ago... I was going through my settings and I clicked on the block button to see the decrepit tribe I had abandoned there. 

Then I saw his name, and that rush of irritation that floors you when you experience something catastrophic, happened to me immediately. 

I clicked his name to see if, perhaps, new knowledge has happened to him after two years, and he was finally free of an ugly soul...

But I saw that his soul isn't here anymore.

Condolence messages all over his wall.

He died in 2017.

Damn!

A very educated man who refused to be enlightened. He was a stalker. The worst kind of troll.

Now he is dead.

Just. Dead.

Like he never existed.

It's crazy. 

My mouth was hanging!
.
.

And then I clicked on another name.

This one literally took my name and her hate sermon to blogs that year.

I clicked out of curiosity. 

She is bald now.

Why?

Oh dear! She is going through chemotherapy!

WTF!!!

I left her wall immediately and closed my block page, leaving over 100 persons and their fate to rot.

This shit is crazy. 

You wonder what life is really about.

All our hate... and we are just a breath away from dust.

I'm still stunned by it all.

I do not wish to search through any blocked names anymore. 

It's really dark there.