# Rant1554


March 21, 2019

SYNOPSIS #01

Since we seem to get everything right (camera, location, production etc), except the main thing - the STORY...

I've made a decision to drop loglines and synopsis every other day on my wall. 

It's free.

Just take the damn synopsis and develop for Nollywood. Stop killing us with mediocrity.
.
.

Here goes:

Think of the life of an investigative reporter in Nigeria - how wretched it must be.

So X is an investigative reporter - poor, married, and a kid.

He loves his job.

No scratch that - he LIVES for his job, and he is damn good at it. His a man of honour. The walls in his home are embellished with plaques - the only shiny things in his life.

The film revolves around X trying to investigate the richest and most admired businessman in Nigeria. This was after he heard a short conversation in the restroom between two men, washing their hands and chatting while he (X) was in one of the cubicles unbeknownst to them.

He is obsessed with the case, misses the plot so many times...

He loses his job. He loses his wife (she leaves him). He becomes an alcoholic. And he still will not stop digging...

His life threatened many times, yet he doesn't give in.

He falls for another woman. Probably a married woman - rich, sophisticated, out of his league.

Why is this necessary?

Perfection in movies are boring AF!

We don't want perfect people. We want people with astonishing strenghts and shocking flaws.

So he is in love with this married woman. And whenever he is drunk, he writes love letters to her email (letters will be read as voice-over between scenes).

Together, they are raunchy AF. And after segz, they smoke marijuana. Stuff like that.
.
.

So where is the poetic justice in all of this?

He finally unravels the crime of the Rich man. The government wants it hushed. But the international media is already in on it.

Finally, X gets the recognition he deserves. This comes with financial reward as compensation from government.

He leaves the country. Relocates to a first world.

And at the end of the movie, he writes one last letter to his lover.

He is moving on. Retired. Ready to accept the Miami sun as his retirement benefit.

The End.
.

PS: Synopsis written in less than 5 minutes. 

PSS: You are welcome.