# Rant1514



February 19, 2019

Oh wow!

So a lady, Deborah, was at the Dragons' Den to present her baby products.

The dragons all complained about her branding . The letters on her bottles were too small, and none of the essential ingredients or benefits of the products was slammed on the label to excite or encourage buying.

Everyone turned her down. They said the business was too small for their investment.

Except one dragon.

The dragon said she didn't agree with her colleagues and she could see the potential in the baby products, but she would have to change the branding.

The dragon offered Deborah the money she asked for - £60,000 for 40% of the business. And the dragon says she'll be rebranding the company. 

Deborah accepted...

And I just burst out crying. 

I don't know why, but I was truly happy for her.

She was shaking all through the pitch. Visibly afraid she'd lose...

But then she got an offer. A good offer (compared to the zero branding she has going on).

Dragons' Den... I don't know how they do it - how they get me to emotionally invest in the show so much that I cry, scream or clap when people lose or win.

Yesterday, I carried a lady's loss in my spirit. 

She already got an offer, but then she said something that suggested she wouldn't mind working with two dragons, even when there was only one dragon willing to invest.

The dragon felt slighted. And withdrew her offer.

By God! I felt it in my bone. I carried the candidate's loss in my spirit.

It bothered me all night. 

That's the impressive impact of Dragons' Den.