# Rant1672


June 24, 2019

Wouldn't it have been beautiful if Florida was older than her husband, so this pepperdem will enter Nigerian men and women body well well!

Imagine if her narrative that is driving y'all crazy ended with... 

"I am ten years older than my husband and he lets me live my life, fucks me like crazy, and loves me to the moon!"

I bet half the population of Nigerians will burn to ashes. The jealousy and anger will burn their soul, then their flesh will turn to ashes. 

🤣🤣🤣

The audacity of this woman to dream of choosing a career over a family. 

Ah! The audacity!!!

Aaaargh!!! Everybody transform to the Hulk!

Oya, all of you, remove your pants and start running on third mainland bridge!

Protest the audacity of that woman to voice her "regrets".

Ah! Nigerians you are not yet angry until you tear your bra.

Oya tear your China bras! Go!

Gooooo!!! Tear your boxers. Scald your balls. Burn your wigs!!+
.
.

Kai! Nigerians! 

You people have no electricity oo! No roads! No water! Nothing!

Yet your biggest angst of the week is Florida sharing and re-sharing her small regrets. 

You think your mothers don't regret having you sometimes?

You think she really wanted motherhood and "wifery" to be her highest achievements?

You think if she wanted a book written about her it would be for wiping your dirty running nose and cleaning your baby shit slapped on your bare backs as toddlers?

You think she enjoyed running around the supermarket trying to calm your 3 year old annoying ass?

You really think ALL women like that shit?
.

Have I not shared the story of how I did not want to have a second child?

How I told my mum I wanted to abort it and she begged me not to?

Ehn?

The baby is here and she is a darling! She is 12 years old now and her face is on the wall of her school as the best student.

Because the minute I decided to let her grow inside of me (as it is my prerogative as the womb carrier to decide what I do with the zygote inside of me), I decided I'd be the best mother I could be to her.

BUT, at some point, I did not want to have her! Because that marriage had to end, yo!!!

It had to end!

And a baby would mean I would have to stay a little longer! 
.

Nigerians and their hypocritical bullshit!

Half the population of the children in Nigeria do not have good medical care, many of them are maids eating leftover meals in a stranger's house...

The banana you bought in traffic last night, did you not buy the bunch from a 9 year old kid? 
How old was the kid who tried to clean your car shield that you shoved off? 

What is happening to 13 year old girls in the North?
What is happening to poor children accused of witchcraft in Cross River state?

Poor toodlers eating their faeces for lunch. Children abused and raped by family members and eveyone keeps quiet...

YET your angst is with women who are giving their children the best lives.

That child I almost didn't want to have has read over 300 books oo! Hard copy!

She probably has read more books than any child of her age she would EVER encounter!

I'm sure Florida is doing the most for her child too.

You people will leave the child of the security guard in your neighborhood walking around with only pant - pant as dirty as Mushin gutter - and you fix your attention on a child escorting his mama to a university in London. 

You are feeling sorry for a man who CHOSE to be with a "rebellious" woman and loving it - loving everything that comes with loving her. 

You people are not well.

*mscheeew*

I really don't care about this matter, but I had to take a bite.

Again, I wish it was the case of an older woman with a younger lover. 

The pepperdem will be out of this world!!!
.

You people love the sensationalism of living as Nigerians.

Everything calls for an outrage.

Knock yourselves oou