# Rant1805


September  17, 2019

In Nigeria, a killer serially murders women - in hotels.

To fight and demand justice for the death of these women... Nigerian women - the ones who are still alive, go into the streets to warn themselves (Nigerian women) to shun prostitution.
.
.

I'll say that again:

A serial killer is on the prowl.

In a shocking-and-mocking #metoo movement, Nigerian women speak against this tragedy by BLAMING the victims.

These women in their best pick-me disguise, are slut shaming dead women.

These are mothers, aunts, daughters, wives. 

These women - these despicable creatures have children they nurture. 

The collective stupidity of Nigerians never goes out of style.
 
This is the height of self-hate.

You hate your gender so much, you attack the dead?

You just assume they are prostitutes. Even if your assumption is correct, are you saying murder is a reward?

What about the sister coming from church vigil and killed in the thick of a lazy morning...

Is her death also a reward?

Why can't you people THINK for once in your life?
.
.

You gotta give it to Patriarchy. 

Any system that can successfully project a message of inferiority and self-pillory to an entire gender that makes half the population of the world... that system is ingenious. 
.

From wives fighting side chicks, to women constantly striving for the male gaze as the ultimate happiness...

Partriarchy is a vile genius. 

Alot of people will never be liberated from it.

But if you can... don't deny yourself the opportunity to be free of shackles. 

Don't live your life operating like a daft goat with breast and buttocks in a pair of jeans. 
.

May the dead find rest.

May these ones - alive and stupid 