# Rant1420


January 6, 2019

I am not going to watch S.ur.vi.vin.g R. K.e.lly...

Because I am t.i.r.e.d of the narrative.

How ONE m.a.n destroys 30 wo.me.n (sometimes more), and the world has all these questions that they are afraid to ask, beats me.

Over and over again. Same situation one hundred times over.

One random as fack dude, emotionally cons 20 women on social media. 

How?!

Some of these d.u.des have no dime or job to their names... YET, there are women who'd easily say they were "us.ed and dum.ped by him".

How???

Average as fack dude that should be cleaning your father's car will play out bootleg romantic gestures at you and dupe you em.otio.nally - not one woman, not two women, not three... but FIFTY wo.me.n, and they would all proudly say they survived his antics.

He's a numbskull, for chrissake!

How did you get inv.ol.ved with him long enough for him to leave traces of his ish on you?

90% of the time, these are not even the R.Ke.ll.y's of this world. These are nobodies with no power, no money, causing so much grief to tons of women.

But because the world is afraid to ask questions lest they be judged as in.sen.sit.ive, we begin to normalise this narrative where it is no surprise to find the busboy tricking 10 of the best female students in Engineering class with just a few words leaning towards "love"... and just because he has a scro.tu.m, it is assumed he is capable of hurting these women em.oti.ona.lly. 

No, please! I don't want my daughters thinking it is ok to have 60 wo.me.n line up for an interview to talk about ONE man.

Tell your daughters, if the world is devious, don't be a sheep... Be a fox.