# Rant1909


December 8, 2019

Justin Timberlake held hands with a colleague on set. 

He was made to apologise to his wife for this action.

To hold hand oo!
.
.

See, I am not dragging anything with anyone. I am not even going to argue my points about monogamy anymore.

You all are right. I am wrong. 

Monogamy is what you believe will keep people in check and make them respect their vows, abi?

OK.

I don't agree. But it's fine.

You are right. I am wrong. 

I won't argue. 
.

If you don't see how dishonest it is to apologise profusely for holding the hand of the opposite sex or "placing a hand on his knee"...

Then I am not going to engage anyone on monogamy at all.

Just know that this practice cannot last another 5 decades without serious questioning of its viability. 

The world is getting closer. Social interactions are begging for less hostile approach. Human interaction is getting slimmer. We are all going to disappear into tiny spaces of irrelvenace as technology continues to expand and artificial intelligence continues to improve.

Monogamy will be the last thing anyone would worry about when they look out their windows and find nothing but science in motion.
.

First-world isn't even pushing for monogamy per se.

What they are pushing for is serial monogamy, which allows you to be enslaved in a succession of monogamous relationships. 

😂😂😂😂😂

Cunning bastards, first world!

This is simply a hypocritical way of admitting that monogamy is failing. But they won't admit it. Instead, they tell you to break hearts in clever patterns. You know, like playing chess.

It's more sophisticated than polygamy. Because first-world say so.
.

When I speak of monogamy, I am not talking about sexual relationships.

I am talking about affection, vulnerability, emotions that allow you to be fully human, ever evolving. 

When we continue to stifle these emotions and guilt trip those who search for meaning and love beyond one person called "spouse"...

It really makes me wonder if we understand the desire of the human spirit to be unbridled. 

Many people are married to people they can't even have a real conversation with. How can you live the rest of life never having a real conversation with someone else because... marriage.

How?
.

But you are right oo! At least for the next to 3 to 5 decades. I don't have power to argue.

The real conversation will hold sometime in the year 2052...

Until then, look straight on. Do not turn to the left. Do not look to the right. Look straight oo! 

Ehen!
.
.
.

PS: Co-star Alisha Wainwright is fine AF though.

PSS: Trust America to try to stifle her career because she "touched his knee".

PSSS: Fuck all of you in advance.

PSSSS: Dem nor born anybody with wife or husband come dis world.

PSSSSS: Free the babe! Toh.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!