# Rant1515


February 20, 2019

Three words I do not permit in my office or during work discussions:

"I don't know."

I have a memo sent to every member of staff never to respond with those words. Never. 

I don't want to hear it. And most especially, I don't want those words to guide my businesses.

They are lazy, dismissive and unproductive. 

I insist that you must know.

And if you don't know, then rephrase it.

Say instead...

"I will look into it."
"I think I have an idea what the issue might be."
"Can I get back to you in 10 minutes with an answer?"

Anything but "I don't know".

Imagine waking up in the morning, the last thing you want to hear when you call your office to inquire on a simple matter is... "I don't know"

Nah. You can't operate around me sounding like that.

Because building anything is not just bricks and cement...

It is energy. The kind of energy you let around you.

It is enthusiasm. It is faith. It is determination. It is grit. It is consistency. 

"I don't know" just doesn't sit well.

Even if you don't know, don't phrase it that way. It is a negative phrase. Get rid of it.

Find more uplifting ways to address your lack of knowledge on a matter. Positive communication makes all the difference  

Positive communication:
"Why is the app not working?"
"I will look into it immediately."

Negative communication:
"Why is the app not working?"
"I don't know."

You get it? Don't let negative responses be a thing around your space. Reject it immediately. It will affect your goals.
.
.

Another thing is Enthusiasm. 

I will not work with people who lack enthusiasm. 

One time, I sacked everyone in my company.

When 'The Boyfriend' and I argued about it, he asked...

"Why the hell would you let everyone go?!"

I responded: They lack enthusiasm. They had a collective apathy, a widespread detachment and passivity that I had to squash.

And I tried everything for weeks to polish the enthusiasm lurking inside their Nigerian lethargy without success, so I let them go based strictly on lack of enthusiasm. 

And I did remember feeling a rush of fresh air overwhelm me in the emptiness of the office that left a smile on my face and relief in my soul.

Your authenticity is an important part of your process. Do not think you are mad for letting people go for reasons that may not fully make sense to anyone else.
.

I employed Roberta two years ago because she was the most enthusiastic person to walk into my office for an interview.

That week, I interviewed over 50 persons.

I employed just two.

One for good writing. The other for enthusiasm.

Good writer didn't last long in my space.

But Enthusiasm is still with me - almost like an adopted sister now. I care greatly for Roberta.

All because her enthusiasm allows me to perform at my very best in the office.

Employ whatever will make you operate at your best.

Yesterday, I employed music from Seal in my office... I played a particular track on spotify so many times until I felt a pinch in my soul.

I was refreshed.