# Rant1784


August 28, 2019

Dear Nigerian Women,

Burna Boy does not owe you a fairy tale story with any woman.

He owes you nothing.

Go and look for your own man and build your fairy tale.

Or since you like Stefflon Don so much, you can go date her.

And since you hate that tiny-waist woman so much you can block her page so you don’t die of all the things she may want to share while they are together.

People rooting for love stories because they like the curve of a woman’s chin and how it matches the curve of a man’s bulge.

Mad people everywhere.

Worst still, is when they assume one woman is “so nice” so she deserves love. You all are still insinuating that a man’s affection is the reward for “nice women”?

I thought we all agreed to ditch the idea of “nice” given to women to project them as special?

And I thought we all are aware, at this point of Patriarchal bashing, that no woman is special?

Feminists are sitting on this table with their empty brains. Always shifting the goal post to suit their agenda.

You don’t like Princess Shyngle , who gives a fuck?! I don’t like her either – I mean, her small waist looks like the drawing of a five year old. But she too deserves the male attention you all crave for, doesn’t she?

Silly lots.

One minute, let’s break Patriarchy...

The next minute – “Oh I don’t like that woman therefore she doesn’t deserve the dick of a musician”.

We are talking Burna Boy here, not some gentleman with the etiquette of a knight.

Or are we equating good music to relationship values?

This idea of shaming the woman who dates or sleeps with your MCM after he breaks up with your WCW is stupid. 

You have always been stupid. 

What makes you all even more stupid is that you say these things under a proud feminist tag slapped on your breast pocket, as an embellishment to your stupidity.

That’s like an entire culture of stupidity by women who claim they want equality.

Your blockhead does not know that sexual equality liberates women. These changes in attitude towards 'sex and the woman' has to move from theory to lifestyle.

Let women be!

Let them be with whoever pleases them!

Let good girls date, let bad girls date.

And let dating-a-man not be the yardstick of a woman’s worth.

Shior!