# Rant1647


June 3 2019

As part of my engagement with one of the companies I was invited to, I was supposed to come up with a concept for an affordable hotel.

I did. And made the presentation.

They said they liked it but it was missing an important word. 

"What?" I asked. 

"Affordable."

I shook my head.

There's no way in hell I'll have my name on a creative concept that spells out "affordable" for a hotel Ad.

One of the most annoying things in the world is a "cheap hotel".

My goodness!

The words "affordable" and "hotel" should never marry.

"On a budget" for a hotel can be expressed creatively in the campaign... but it should never be said explicitly. 

Ewww.

Just thinking about it makes my skin crawl.

I'm thinking tiny cockroaches, bed bugs, stale smell from the restroom, broken mirror, old couch, stained toilet bowl, dead rug, thieving cleaners, off-white towels, torn sheets, wardrobe with bad hinges.

Kill me, please!
.

I don't care what anyone in Advertising says...

Keep "affordable" the fvck away from any promotion you have to draw up for your hotelier  client. 

I don't mind pretentious 4-star hotels. I've stayed in all of them in Lagos - from Radisson to Intercontinental to Federal Palace, Protea, Four Points, Oriental hotel... name it. To 4-star hotels and resorts in Manhattan, London, Gambia and even Ghana.

As a matter of fact, pretention works well for hotels.

Pretend to be a 5-star even when you are struggling through the politics of ratings. Give some effort to your packaging.

Everything exists through effort. 

But don't you dare sit there and brag about having no star and keeping it real.

Anyone who runs lifestyle businesses should know it is all about perception. 
.

"What about the masses?" You may ask.

Hotels are not made for the masses.

The least target audience should be the Aspirational.