# Rant1506


February 16, 2019

All the bread I bought yesterday, because... election. 

I have never felt so helpless in a long time like I did yesterday.

I told Roberta we had to go to the supermarket.

"I have to shop for election."

"But you bought everything you'd need for the weekend yesterday," she said.

She was right. I'd shopped on Thursday, buying food and stuff I don't need.

But with election fever, I thought I needed to shop some more.

"Ms. Joy, you are panicking. Everything will be fine," she said.

We got to Ebeano supermarket even though I didn't know what to buy.

I saw bread flying off the shelf, so I went there and bought all the bread left.

I don't even like bread!

This is what Nigeria does to you.
.

I remember I was in school the times we heard another soldier had taken over the affairs of the country. They were no area boys (who born you to do area boy during military rule? I say who born you?!!)... so there was no fear and uncertainty of this magnitude.

When Abacha died, I was on the road. Nothing happened. People were only whispering. I got home safe. Not one single scene of violence.

No fear. Just anticipation.
.

We waited so long for this democracy. 

It is such a disappointment.

The idea that I would go to a supermarket, buying a bunch of things I don't need... the fact that we have to pick our kids from school just for one day of election...

The vulnerability being exploited

I hate it.

I hate what democracy looks like in Nigeria.

Ugh!
.

Let me go and work up an appetite for bread for the week 🤷🏽‍♀️