# Rant1719



July 23, 3019

So... I was pleasantly surprised to see The Boyfriend at the airport yesterday. 

He was supposed to be in only-god-knows-where - Finland? Turkey? Berlin? One-day trips. Five-hour meetings in different cities, different countries. Sleeping in one city, waking up in another. 

He canceled a trip just to surprise me.

He did the same thing in London. He was at Heathrow waiting for me when he should have been in Denmark or Finland or somewhere hovering in the sky.
.

Seeing him yesterday, I was happy and relieved. His presence makes everything easy. He makes everything right.

Yesterday was filled with small miracles made possible by his kindness. I keep those special gestures and offerings close to my chest.
.

After dinner, overwhelmed by it all, I asked him...

"Why do you love me though?"

Of course, not the conversation he was expecting per se.

We've had similar conversations in the past. But I feel, for a woman like me, the reasons change as I unravel different layers of who I am daily. 
.

He went round in circles at first, then he sighed and said...

"You are different. You do what you want. You live by your rules. You have a beautiful mind. You are pretty and rebellious and annoying and strong..."

He went on and on.

Then he added:

"But what turns me on the most is also what I am most afraid of - You are not afraid of losing me even after everything I have done. You will not bow to the power that comes naturally to a man, according to patriarchy. You are not afraid of anything."

Then again he added...

"I think I have been looking for a woman like you all my life without even knowing it. Someone who will question why things are the way they are in relationships. You make me want to keep proving to you and to myself that I am not one of them. It's a challenge that excites me."

I smiled. I have changed this man. Our conversation is richer, better, rid of fluff.

So I told the barman, "Give this man another bottle of beer!"

But we were not at a bar and we were not drinking beer, we were chilling at the swimming pool area of the hotel.

So I gave him a kiss instead, under the moon.

My number one niggaa ❤