# Rant1890 


November 20, 2019

The biggest challenge facing education in Nigeria today is not lack of educational materials (no studios, no labs)...

It is not poorly equipped shacks parading as classrooms...

It is not half-baked teachers and their lack of interest in the profession and fighting poverty (not all teachers, please)...

It is not the stubbornly obsolete curricula.

No.

The biggest challenge in Nigerian education is...

Wait for it...

FAKE EYELASHES.

Queen's College will release that book soon.

Bunch of wicked Neanderthals, thirsty mob, easily distracted by the stroll of an ant in a field. 
.
.

The one that annoys me the most is how the alumnae will not accept that Queen's College is now a gutter.

All its former glory lost, dead and gone.

They still want to defend shit.

And they will still carry their children there, talkmbout "a school of excellence."
.
.

My secondary school, Lagos State Model College (LASMOCK), was a dream when I was there. We were 650 students in all - both JSS and SSS.

That school MADE me. I swear!

I considered taking my kids there when it was time for secondary education...

But first I paid the school a visit, and everything had changed. 

I gave alot of money to the graduating students on graduation day, cried my way all the way back to town, and ended the idea of my children ever stepping foot there.

There were over 4,000 students in the same space we occupied. Nothing was working anymore.

Everything that I cherished - every structure, every piece of my teenage academic delight and inspiration was old, worn or damaged.

I cried for weeks!!!

But I didn't lie to myself.

I had done what I could, congratulated the best graduating students of that session and gave out money to them. I even made cheesecake from a Lekki bougie store and presented to them.

The Lagos State representative was there and he came with nothing - no hope, no dreams, no sincere concern to see a school so badly catered for.

I am not government, I cannot rebuild the structures. I did what I could. 

So it is time for Queen's College alumnae to go and sit down somewhere and confront the reality that their cute school has...

1. Killed children in the past

2. Allowed a paedophile get away with his actions.

3. Disgraced a child for wearing lashes.

A school makes an entire deal about a teenager wearing lashes!

So the mother was upset by the way she was disciplined, SO WHAT?!!

The school is an institution, she is not.

The school is a brand, she is not.

The school is supposed to handle parental tantrums with maturity and discretion!!!

Period!

If you love your Queen's College so much, gather yourselves and confront the shit it has become.

Have sense! By jove, have sense!

Abeg, Nigerians get lost! You people are annoying!

Ugh!!!