# Rant1710



July 17, 2019

A society that constantly condemns transactional sex, is the same society that is unhappy that I do not have a sexual relationship with a man who DECIDED on his own to be financially relevant in my life.

I'll say that again...

A society that yaps bitterly about sex-for-money relationships is the same society that is "shocked" to find a 42 year old woman loved/spoiled/serenaded by a 43 year old man whom she is not in a sexual relationship with.

These women, especially, are all over social media biting their fingernails, hoping The Boyfriend is only a figment of my imagination. That's the only way they can live with themselves - their sorry lives and poor choices.

I mean... I probably molded my imagination with clay when Prisca met him and drove in his car.

I probably sculpted a figure to visit my mother.

Roberta has probably been interacting with my imagination too. All the times she met him, and the times they both took my kids to school, was probably happening in a sci-fi world, a Black Mirror series. 

LMAO!

Any explanation to reject the truth is fine. That sick feeling in the pit of your stomachs that endorses a base life, ruled by uninspiring norms is never going to go away unless you tell yourself that every woman has it bad... or at least, every woman has it ordinary.

They want us all to be the same.

I laugh in romantic gifts.

We can never be the same, my dear. I'll rather be dead than be any of you.

I mean... look at your lives. 

What kind of life are you living that makes it impossible for you to accept that not every man is a dog?

Do not project your humdrum existence on the next woman.

Some of us have it really good. We re-create our lives every single opportunity we get. 

You have no idea. 

I am not one of you. 

I have been saying this for years - I am not one of you.
.

So... on one hand, we condemn transactional sex, and on the other hand we are pained when a woman gets monetary gifts, trips and romantic gifts from a man without sexual favours.

This is 2019!

What you still don't understand is... YOU have the power to attract the life you want.

And this has nothing to do with motivational quotes.

This is how any sane human should live.

Create your world.
.

I don't know how you people accept a less than fulfilling life. 

I can't understand it at all.
.

Do you know my prayer every morning?

"Lord, I'd rather not be here. But if I'm going to see another day, then it has to be on my terms, and full of magic."

Then I wake up, use the best serum on my skin and walk into the sunlight of a new day.

I've said this prayer every day for 4 years and some. 

I am not here in this world to be dragging "virtuous woman" with anybody. 

I am not here for the fvcking pretense of love.

I am here to live and live more abundantly.

I walk in my truth. 
.

But how can you understand? You can't even confront the emotional abusers in your lives!!! You are waiting for physical bruises before you know you are living shitty lives.

You are not fighting for your happiness!

That's nobody's fault but yours.

Some of us are the directors of our lives. No matter how sketchy the script is. We are gods.
We will grab that script, fix the narratives, and shoot the scenes as we like.