# Rant1634



May 18, 2019

I've always wondered...

Why is taking-your-life a negative thing?

Why is it called Depression?

Why should every single human being want to be on earth?

Why is it considered wrong and, sometimes, criminal for someone to want to end it?

Apart from the fact that you are leaving behind "loved ones"...

Why do we expect every human being to fancy life?

Again, why call it Depression?

Why not call it Curiosity - or something?

A weird desire to know what's on the other side... like lifting the edge of the ocean like a rug?

I read someone's wall a while back who committed suicide, and I smiled.

I just couldn't find anything criminal about it. Or wrong. I couldn't 🤷🏽‍♀️

There's a weird sense of envy even. 
.
.

This is not a cry for help, don't be silly.

I am chilling in my Oriental hotel room, writing, thinking. My left brain brainstorming with my right brain.

I've written 20 commercials for our Ghana client. I've had great feedback already.
I've written a commissioned script.

I am alone. Happy. Fulfilled. Artsy.

This is how my mind works.
.

I've never really cared for life or death.

But what I care for is my Art.

I ain't going nowhere until I express all of my Art.

I am going to win an Oscar for best script and directing, and Advertising Awards for Best Concept before I leave this earth.

Watch me.

I am here for my Art.

And my kids, of course.

And The Boyfriend... because he is so fvcking good to me.

And for all the development first-world countries are up to that we must participate in.
.

There's a lot to live for...

And there's little to live for.

It's all about perspective. 
.
.

What I can't stand is all the vile creatures mocking the dead.

With your IQ at -0.00

Even in death, the dead is a more useful thing than you. 

Nigerians are so thick with idiocy.

They are blackmailing the dead with hellfire.

I mean... how dunce can a people get?

Look around you - the place you woke up this morning, the dead job you have, the university you currently attend like a trash can...

You will spend your entire life hoping. It is the third-world trap. 

You will still end up as nothing, compensated by life with a random spouse and a few brats. Constantly amused by other people's strive for excellence. 

You are the one in hell. Burning from lack of imagination, from depressing averageness.

 Not the dead.