# Rant1673


June 24, 2019

The conventionalisation of the Nigerian man.

Nigerians love their men predictable.

He must desire an obedient woman.

He must want a younger woman.

He must desire peace that is unchallenging and unruffled.

He must desire a good cook. 

Platitudinous. A list rid of any excitement. A list of wants so unoriginal, it makes our men look like idiots. 

When we hear those original/rebellious love stories that fit in nowhere, our first thought is a white man.

We never think of a black man. And we would bet on the grave of our great grandmothers that it could NEVER be a Nigerian man - to love in a way that does not comply to set cultural rules.

It is so bad that even when these men want to make a different choice from the rule... they are afraid and quickly beaten into submission by Patriarchy. 

Yes, patriarchy also shames men.

I know you never "thunk" it. But it does.

Patriarchy shames men who want to love their women unconventionally. 

So when you see the man who loves the rebellion and craziness and selfishness and aspirations and puss-y and fears and light and dreams and doubts of a woman...

Our first instinct is he is "unhappy".

Our second instinct is jazz.

LMAO!!!

We are so primitive and orthodox in the affairs of love and desires that we only see one type of woman deserving of love...

The quiet, obedient, peaceful, easy to love, good cook.

So when a crazy woman with dreams comes along... we think she doesn't deserve love. 

Then when your MCM chooses her over your conventional ass... you get mad.

-Because we believe a "good man" should only be with the idea of a "good woman".

Pfff!

You people bore me so badly I want to move to Pluto.