# Rant1439


 January 14, 2019

The way some wives will deal with their husbands in this era of new knowledge ehn! It'll be epic.

They'll be together oh - forever sef! Nigerians don't divorce.

Ha! What will their friends say? Who will their siblings look up to? How will their mother live through this shame of their son leaving his wife or vice versa? How will these men function alone?

So "forever" is the game.

BUT what the wives will do to them...

The silent poking. The quiet jabs. The not-letting-go YET letting-go.

The nodding at everything they say, yet despising everything they say.

The quiet agreement. The rebellious unlearning taking place in the background. 

The togetherness that is not really together, but remains together because togetherness is a noun not a verb.

The public show of support. The silent despise of his actions.

Everything coming together because men refuse to stop being duplicitous.

She is meeting the right people. She is meeting too many people. Her mind is expanding. Her world is growing. Her learning is different from what she once knew.

These men of low character will be the footstool of their wives.

Define who you are. Stick by it. No. These men fail even at their own character definition. Even in a world that gives you license to be anything you wish to be, as long as you are sincere.

Still, these men fail.

These men will think they have it all.

Then they will discover they have none of it.

This revolution will be televised. 

It may take a few years. A decade even...

But when it crashes. When whatever the common interest holding them together becomes hers as much as it is his...

He will lose everything. 

She will gain everything.

Book your front seats... a decade from now.

It will happen.

The narrative will change. 

We will write their stories. 

And sell the popcorn.

Wait for it.

Actually, No. Don't wait for it.

Go about your own business. When it happens, it happens. And you will know.