# Rant1526


March 3, 2019

Art is an interesting form.

It's self-indulgent, and that makes it both a blessing and a curse.

It's call for action is instant. 

Science is patient. You can be on it for 20 years trying to solve one disease. 

But Art...

Art needs expression right now.

It is the closest to human emotions. 

Art is the closest to Love.

It needs to express itself immediately, else someone else will do that which you delay.

You see? Very similar to Love.

We don't sit around waiting to be loved (at least smart people don't). We move on towards the people and things that can fill the void.

Art is the same.
.

This is where I'm heading to...

Last year Emem Isong commissioned me to write a script.

I came up with a synopsis, and she loved it.

I was supposed to deliver the work in one month... but I got busy.

Thankfully, she didn't need it urgently, so it gave me time to stretch the project into my busy life. 

Every day, I'd write one or two scenes.
.

Then one movie trailer came out in Hollywood. And it had a very similar theme to the one I was writing for Emem.

The first person that brought this to my attention was Roberta (because I told her about the script I was writing for Emem).

"Ms. Joy, the trailer of this new movie is similar to yours."

I didn't fret. I was so sure they wouldn't do it the way I would. Besides, I've been writing this script way before the trailer came out.
I kept writing the scenes whenever I had the time.

The Hollywood movie finally hit the cinema. I didn't watch it.

Last week, Emem told me about the same movie. She had just watched it and said it had the same theme as the one I am writing for her.

I was still adamant writing my script jejely, believing it cannot be the same as the Hollywood movie.

I haven't watched this movie, because I am not a fan of African American movies. I'll pass on this one and continue writing my script. 
.

I sent the script to her today. I waited for Emem to revert. Hoping ours will be different from whatever the Hollywood movie has going on.

As crazy as it is there are many elements of the Hollywood movie that are similar to mine.

Even right down to office scenes!

And I haven't seen this movie ooo!
.

Emem understands clearly the thin line of imagination. And because she knows I had been working on this script long before the Hollywood trailer even came out, we knew it was a coincidence.

Art is promiscuous.

It has many transient lovers. It has no time to stay faithful.

So if you will not do something immediately with the imagination and ideas brewing in your head, Art will casually spread itself around to catch the interest of someone else.

"I wish we came out with ours last year," she said, "It is such a beautiful story. It's so funny and romantic."

Sigh.

If at all she is going to use the script, it would have to be for small screen.

That's Art.
.
.

This does not include plagiarism, of course.

Plagiarism is an act that comes right out of the anus of Beelzebub. It is a crime, and criminals belong in jail.