# Rant1918


December 16, 2019

I booked one night at Golden Tulip Hotel on Saturday. Golden Tulip is an international brand, one of its hotels is at Festac extension on the Mainland.

There was no way I was going to head back to my hotel on the Island after my mum’s birthday with my kids. Moving around at night with children is a no-no. So I left my things on the Island and paid for one night at Golden Tulip – just five minutes from the party venue.

I knew I wouldn’t get the Island standard, but Golden Tulip in Festac extension is quite the disappointment.
.

It started right at the reception…

The security guard at the elevator left his post and was arguing bitterly with one of his colleagues next to guests of the hotel waiting to get key cards for their rooms…

Random people would come to one of the receptionists (male) for a handshake and frivolous conversation…

Every minute I spent at the reception, hotel guests would come to complain about something – one woman complained that her room “looked dirty”, she has been there for five days and wants a change of room. Receptionist told her she couldn’t help.

Another complained about the sheets.

More than six guests complained about their electronic key cards.

The system was faulty, and all the cards weren’t working. The expert for the job was yet to resume by 11am.

Everything lacked coordination. The noise wasn’t properly contained. The place lacked the required polish of a 4-star hotel.
.

When I got to my room – my goodness!

The duvet was a dull white mess. The curtains were horrible to look at. The rug told a story of many feet that stomped on it daily. There was supposed to be a view, but the windows were dirty from the outside.

It smelled like an old deserted house that occupied a disgruntled old man. There was a TV sitting on the table. The fridge was lonely and empty.

I despised everything.

The bathroom, however, wasn’t bad. But I wasn’t going to be sleeping in a bathroom! So what does it matter?

Oh! And the air conditioner – a tired hum with no chill. It was the sound of Nanny McPhee.

Na wa!
.

But the arrangement made was smart because the party finished late, and staying over at a nearby hotel was better than driving one-hour or more to the Island.

The next morning… there were no hotel cabs to take us anywhere.

I was literally stuck.
.

The Boyfriend had called from London to check up on us.

Actually, he paid for the hotel online. He wanted to know my experience. He wasn’t too surprised when I told him.

Anything built around lower-middle class location usually mimics the predominant culture of the people, same goes for every other social class.

You won’t experience something like this on the Island with a so-called 4-star hotel. 

I have stayed in all of them on the Island, I know their failings, and these things are handled almost immediately.
.

I’m not bougie by any means, I am more interested in the coordination of an establishment than anything else.

I hate poor management. Everything starts and ends with management – that synchronisation from the concierge to the receptionist to the unique smell of the place, crisp white flawless sheets, and the sheen to the woodwork. Everything goes back to how the establishment is managed.

Golden Tulip had none, yet it calls that branch a 4-star hotel.

Thunder!
.

The video was Sunday morning.

I am back to my happy place on the other side of Lagos 😊

#hotelliving