# Rant1699



July 10, 2019

When I was moving to Accra, they said the city is too expensive. Rent is too expensive. Middle-class life is too expensive. 

I laughed in Lekki and 18-hour generator electricity. 

You cannot live in Lekki phase 1 and think of anywhere as "expensive" as far as middle-class living goes.

In Lekki, you pay premium for nothing!

You are paying millions for rent but there's no steady electricity, and you have to keep paying more for diesel to live up to the pretentious image of the richest ghetto in modern day.

The water is bad. Security is a joke.
.

But in Accra, when you spend thousands of cedis for rent (equivalent to millions in naira), you get everything. 

You don't have to pretend to be middle-class.

As long as you have the money and you seek and pay for every day luxury and comfort, you get it.

When my kitchen bulb died a few days back, I sent a WhatsApp message to the landlady, and she sent new bulbs and a repairer the next minute. 

Same thing happened when my back door was stiff to open. A repairer came along.

I don't pay for repairs.

My fat rent covers them.

In Lekki who born you to call landlord to change your bulb?

In my apartment in Accra, they fix things and apologise for whatever discomfort you may have suffered in the 3 minutes the bulb died 😂
.
.

Two days ago, I met the caretaker at the mall.

I told him I was on my way to get a microwave after a whole month of dragging my feet.

He dialled a number immediately, spoke in Twi, nodded and ended the call.

"We will send you a brand new microwave tomorrow morning," he said to me.

"Wait. You mean I shouldn't buy microwave?"

"No. You will get one tomorrow. Forgive me, I forgot to mention it to the landlady."

I didn't know I was entitled to one. 

I didn't know I was entitled to anything!

Lekki takes your millions and gives you very little.

Accra takes your millions and gives you everything!

They brought the microwave yesterday. 

I took it out from the carton. 

I shall be microwaving my okro soup tonight. 

🤗