# Rant1919


December 17, 2019

Lagos. 

Like a fvcking drug.

Now I'm too reluctant to leave.

Sigh. 
.
.

I booked a ticket for just 9 days. I had only 3 things on my list to accomplish in Lagos:

1. Have sex with The Boyfriend before he travels the next day to Amsterdam for work.

2. Pick my girls from school. 

3. Be part of my mum's 70th birthday. 

All successfully done.

Now I don't want to leave.
.

The ENERGY!!!

Ah!!! I miss the energy of this city!

There's nowhere like Lagos (except New York).

There's nothing like this city!

My heart is alive!

How can you hate and love a city so fiercely like I do Lagos?

How can a city wear you out and get you high at the same time?

Whew!
.

So I decide to stay a little longer. Another full week.

I tell The Boyfriend and he transfers more money to pay the hotel for an extra week.
.

But when I told my travel agent to move the date of our  tickets (kids and me)...

Ha!!! She says the airline is charging N78,000 each just to move ticket that has already been bought!

😲😲😲

It seems everyone is moving to Accra from across the globe.

750,000 people, they say.

Sigh.
.

But I don't care about that! I want to stay in Lagos for Christmas, now I can't 😭

One way ticket from Lagos to Accra is N140k!!!

One way oo!

Tis' the season to obsess over Africa. 
.

I'm going to be grumpy spending Christmas in Accra. 

But I will rather use N234,000 to enjoy an Accra Christmas than give it to an airline.

I also get to save the extra money from the hotel.

I'll be saving over half a million.
.

I love Lagos enough to pay a little more to enjoy it...

But not this much.
.

Now I'm just staring at the chandelier...

Sad for all the plans I had made with my friends that I'll be missing.
.

I love you, Lagos.

I hate you, Lagos.

Fiercely.