# Rant1812


September 21, 2019 

Four days ago, Kenya Moore called her husband, “The love of my life.”

Three days later, she said they are getting a divorce.

My question is: why do we always want to make marriages what they are not?

Is it for the benefit of society that we depict our marriages to be fabulous? Is it to get people jealous that we present the idea of endless love?

How important is society in your personal happiness?

Why do you place people’s opinions above your genuine impression of what your marriage is?

It makes no sense to me.
.

Let me tell you how fickle people are:

I woke up this morning. The first ten things that came to my mind were:

Call the kids. 
Expect The Boyfriend’s early morning call.
Write, at least, 100 pages of screenplay today.
Read a book. 
Eat some fried yam and eggs. 
Meditate. 
Continue the Netflix series I'm watching. 
Top my electricity. 
Call Emilia’s cook to make me something for the new week.
Take a power nap.

At no point does anybody’s personal happiness or issues cross my mind.

As The Boyfriend would say, I have middle-class distractions. I am thinking of doing a better job at work than who I met there. I am thinking of how to finish all my scripts before my Mauritius vacation, so I can be in the moment…

You know, middle-class headache.

However, some people have real issues. Do you really think people who are trying to feed their children and pay school fees and house rent are interested in your marriage?

Yet you build this entire life around something that is clearly dying.

Why do we do that?

I mean, I am happy for your happiness, but I have my own life to live. 
And also, I am sad for your sadness, still I have my own life’s deadlines.

Do you really think representing false happiness of your marriage makes any difference to anyone?

People don’t care.

Look at the actor, Blossom. People attacked him for 48 hours for leaving his wife...

These people have now moved on to their own issues:
NEPA has not “brought” light for 3 days. 
The nursery school teacher slapped your kid and left his palm print on her cheek. 
The colleague who picks you and drops you at work because you live in the same area, saving you up to N35k every month, has resigned. Now you will see your salary for what it’s really worth.

These are the real issues. Not other people’s marriages.

We don’t care.

Imagine tailoring your life around the opinions and emotions of others. 

You are not ready, walahi.
.

See ehn, if Beyonce and Jay Z file for divorce today, the world will not come to an end.

If your mother finally snaps and leaves your father after 35 years of marriage, nothing will happen. Oxygen will still be on earth, and the sun will still shine, even brighter. 

If Kim and Kanye split ways, you will get them to trend for 3 days, create memes for a week...

But guess what? You will move the fuck on eventually!

We are not nearly as important as we think we are.

It is something I understand very well, and that is why I live for my own happiness.

You can talk about me for a minute. But when I live as best as it pleases me, I live for my happiness, not your opinions.

-Because how do you move from love-of-my-life to divorce in 72 hours if you are not bent on fooling yourself. 

Picture perfect life, and all those things that don't matter.
.

While I was married, one church used to call me to come and talk to young couples. I went a few times. Then one day the pastor called again and I turned it down. But he kept calling.

I am not going to tell a bunch of lies how I am happy, when all I want to do is leave the marriage behind and just move on with my life.

He finally got the message through my silence and left me alone.

People don’t care as much as we think. They don’t wake up thinking of your success or downfall as much as they are obsessed with their own chances at life.

So all that silly game you are playing… You are playing yourself.

There’s nothing sadder than that.