December 18, 2019

This shit that women do...

You wrap yourself around your very unattractive dress, with your dull skin and a vaseline pout, then your caption reads:

"You don't need to be naked to be sexy".

Let this nonsense end in 2019.

You are nowhere near sexy in that mary-amaka gown.

And your caption is dripping of jealousy, bitterness and silliness. 

Stop condemning other women because you manage to wear a dress that covers your knees.

You look horrible, by the way.

And if you are striving for decency, then start with your fvcking tongue.

The Toke Makinwas of this world have no desire whatsoever to look like you.

And have you noticed that these "indecent" women do not caption their pictures condemning YOU.

But you do!

You wear a scarf on your head, take a picture, and your caption always tries to ridicule other women who don't look like a mop - like you.

What's really your problem?

Wear your moi-moi leaves and let other women wear their revealing clothes. 

You must learn to love your gender without regret. 

Therein lies your true beauty and glory. 
.
.

This also goes for women always yapping about working very hard and not relying on any man.

My sister, it is because there is no man for you to rely on. 

If there was a man of financial stamina and decency near your radar, you would jump at him!

But you can't because he doesn't exist anywhere near you. 

So stop sobbing women who are pampered by a man's love and money...

You look exceptionally ugly when you do.

All that I-don't-have-sugar-daddy-so-I-must-work-hard is so razz.

I doubt these women you sub have sugar daddies...

They just have men WHO LOVE THEM!

And if they do have sugar daddies, so what?

You are not a baby girl. Sorry.

Don't be bitter. It sucks the glow off your face. 

Stop this subs in 2019.

As you can see, women who want to live colourful and happy lives do not care about your judgments. 

They are not going to stop looking hawt or spending their men's money because you are crying. 

They will use your constant bitterness and misfortune as insecticide.

You mean nothing to them. 
.

Invest in your own happiness in 2020.

Stop pretending you look good in a sac cloth.

Stop promoting your brand of decency if all it does is shame other women for their choices.

Truly love yourself without regret. 

And how do you know you love yourself?

You know when you are not threatened by the joy of other women. 

"Who told you I am threatened? I am just -"

Shut up! You are.
.

Be a better person.