# Rant1865



October 28, 2019

Too many questions in my inbox about "clout chasing", and what it really means.

OK. Allow me to explain:

Clout means fame or influence.

'Clout chasing' means: desperate attempts to be heard, seen or believed without authentic knowledge, empathy or genuine concern to back it up.

Clout chasing is well-packaged hypocrisy. Claiming to have certain/higher standards than  is the actual case.

Clout chasing is an ambition to fit into a select crowd and be seen to be special, worthy, approved of.

Moving forward, I shall be giving you examples of what clout-chasing looks like, to aid your understanding.
.
.

CLOUT CHASING #01

No one: ...

Absolutely no one: ...

Clout chaser: "It's really hard for me to put myself out there..."

Clout chaser video: two million SPONSORED views.

Clout chaser social media account: verified.

Question: If it is so hard for you to put yourself out there, why the fvck are you out there? 
Do you have to be out there? Will oxygen disappear if you aren't out there? Does anything rotate around your being "out there" apart from your own selfish need to be seen, heard, considered worthy, and approved of?

It's clout-chasing.
. 
.

There's a huge market for false humility...

And an even bigger market for insouciant woke behaviour.

That casual lack of concern, symbolic of the popular high school crowd, is alive on social media.

I could expatiate more on this particular example, but I'm bored.

.

More examples on clout-chasing tomorrow.

Ttyl!