# Rant1809


September 19, 2019

See ehn, I am not trying to burst anyone’s parade.

I share my truths. And being an intrapreneur is one of my truths.

I love office environment. I love intellectual work. I love creative corners of the world. And when I find myself in these spaces, I give every of my ability to create.

And I am badass at it. Forget long story.

I also have a conscience.

Of course, not too many care about conscience as much as they care about the politics that preserve their mediocrity, but that’s not the subject for today.
.

When I got employed here, the first thing I said was…

“Split the accounts.” That is the brands we work for.

I do not agree that an agency should have one creative director.

Nah. This is not 1999.

How much work are you going to get done if you have a structure that answers to one person’s creativity?

There’s also the part of YOU being the voice of my work. I’m sorry, but I am most likely more creative than your creative head.

I’m sorry. It’s arrogant truth, but it’s truth still.

So that was my position, spilt the accounts. I want to handle and be responsible for my own accounts. I don’t want someone I am more creative than to be in the position to approve my work.

I would rather answer to my boss, because he won’t play politics against himself. He owns the company. I’ll get a better chance being as creative as I can with the man who owns the company. He is never going to feel intimidated and he is never going to cramp my style.

I told my boss immediately. He agreed. He was the only one who agreed.

He is a fair guy, so he decided his vote wasn’t solid enough to get the structure I wanted, still he supported me through a frustrating phase where I had to work with someone I didn’t consider creative at all.

Four months later, and going through half-done jobs and me losing my mind on a daily…

He finally used his power as owner of the company to do what will fetch us more money and get work done faster.

He spilt the accounts.

Now I have what I asked for – my own brands, my own art/graphic designer.

This is not my company. I could have just stayed quiet and watch things drag.

But I won’t do that.

I have worked in places where I told the boss to “go and bring your wife from wherever she is to come and run your business with you! What is she doing in another country? These employees you have will ruin you! Get her here and build a structure together."

Yes, I said that!

I have told bosses to sack their admin heads because they propagate bad politics in the work place.

I have told bosses to promote and demote people according to their talent.

I have told bosses their company is dirty!

I don’t snitch. You will stand there and I will report you to the owner of the business.

No time.

Because if it were my company, I would want an employee who looks out for me. 

It can be fvcking lonely and scary up there. Don’t let the tag “boss” fool you. These employers of labour face their own struggles.
They are screaming from within, and nobody hears them.
.

As far as it is in creative spaces, I know people who are creative. I know. All I need to do is chat with you for 30 minutes. 

Looking and dressing in a certain way doesn’t make you creative.

I don’t wear jeans to the office and I don’t have a type of swag. I look like the woman who should be attending to human relations issues.

Nah mehn! I am the creative one. Don’t let the wig, the many dresses, the heels… and the voice fool you.

I will beat you so badly in branding and creative ideas, you would be searching for a corner room to cry.

The only thing that can stop me in this world is the politics of the day winning over my truth. I can't beat that kind of manipulation. 

But if it's just me and you in the ring - even if you have crowd support, I will still beat you. 

No politics. Just you and me...

The beating ehn! I go give you black eye.

*Peace ✌