# Rant1421


January 7, 2019

Our children are the real heroes.

They dress up in a costume every weekday. Go to an institution to be taught stuff so redundant, so obsolete... they would never need to apply 85% in their entire lives.

They are made to cram these teachings that have no place in the world, taught by people who would rather be taking a nap, therefore show very little interest in the holistic enhancement of the child.

And our children have to do this for TWELVE years!

Half in primary school. The rest in secondary school.

It's all a waste. Especially for the arts.

If you have an inkling to how the world is run, you'd understand how wasteful this is.

The sad part is... we allow them go through this method, because this method is what validates who they are in a society that is unyielding.

And if you are an evolving parent, you will hate every part of the process.

Because you know your 13 year old child is better off reading novels in the morning, going for karate classes in the afternoon (for its sheer discipline), coding in the evening, and listening to Ted Talks at night.

There are more lessons there than 12 years of education where they are told what a shovel is.

And they need to talk about this shovel and an axe for an entire term. And hold exams about shoveling and axing at the end of a quarter.

They can see what a shovel is on YouTube in 5 minutes and move on to more interesting things that actually shape them. 
.

And can we talk about how very little motivation teachers have?

Poor pay. Unsophisticated methods of teaching provided by the school. General apathy.

And that third world annoying stance on ageism that silences our children in an institution that should allow them express themselves. 

Phew.

These children are the real heroes.