# Rant1671


June 23, 2019

When I started work, I discovered the current creative director required 2 to 3 weeks to come up with a creative campaign.

I said it's too long. We can make this shorter so we can get more clients. 

He scoffed.

"I've worked all over the world. I have 20 years experience yada yada."

I don't argue with anyone's experience. But I will argue with your competence.

"I think we spend too much time arguing about briefs and brainstorming on elementary ideas. And frankly it's giving me a headache," I've said this more times than I can remember during meetings.

So I told management that I wanted my own accounts. I want to deliver faster. 

I am in no competition with the other creative director, but I'd rather do the creative process alone... and then call for a meeting when it's time for execution.

Management hesitated for a bit of course, because it has never been done.

The other creative director said it's ridiculous and it is not a conventional way to run an agency. 

I said I really don't care about conventional ways. 100,000 agencies all over the world can be wrong. Their methods can be wrong. 

My own is this: I will not sit through hours brainstorming on a creative process that I already know. And just for the sake of team spirit banter and defend my creative process endlessly. No. It's killing my brian cells. Let the clients decide.

So management decided to try this new structure I proposed.

-Because I wouldn't let them breathe. They were tired of my nagging 😭😂😭

When the new structure was put in place, you could feel the tension in the office.

It may seem like I was calling for a battle, NO!

I am calling for faster and more effective ways to deliver. And that other creative director was sleeping on a bajaj, as far as I was concerned. 
.

I got my first brief as a creative director almost immediately the structure was put in place... 

And I got the entire communication/branding bible and plan ready in 3 days. 

I'm talkmbout creative ideas for TV/radio commercials, billboards, brochures, brand LIVE activation ideas, marketing ideas, creative awareness, social media campaign and content direction - everything!

In 3 days!

Along with my completed brief, I recorded with my phone the radio commercial in English and got someone to record in twi (the common Ghanaian language).

Day 4, I presented to the client, and they loved it!

I won the pitch. 

End of.

On to the next!
.

I'm not trying to make anyone uncomfortable...

But if my badassery upsets you, I will only wish that you let it inspire you, not make you bitter.

There's work to be done.

Let the real creative directors please stand up!

An art director, graphic artist, copywriter, social media content provider... these are not creative directors. They may have ideas - everyone has ideas.

A  creative director has a vision - a holistic ambition for the performance that is to take place. S/he designs the dream that follows a procedure until it climaxes right at the tip where everyone moans...

"Ah!!! Brilliant!"

Someone else will give you bits and pieces of good content.

A creative director gives you a Brand. S/he takes those bits and pieces of good content or well thought out ideas and makes it breathe like a living walking being.

Your conversation, your service, your product or your personal branding becomes an impressive story.

That's the job. 

If you don't have it... you don't have it.
.
.

PS:  It's a new week...

Kick ass.

✌