# Rant1884



November 13, 2019

Last holiday, I asked my girls...

"What do you like about yourself and your life?"
.

Ife said...

"I'm tall, I'm pretty, I'm intelligent, I've been to Dubai, I've read so many books, I have access to information, and my mum is rich."

Me: Um... I'm not rich.

Jolly: You're not?

Me: No. 

Ife: Oh.

Me: Why do you have that impression that I'm rich?

Ife: Because we have everything!

Me: Yes. I can afford to get you everything you want, it doesn't mean I'm rich.

Ife: So what will make you rich?

Me: When I have everything I WANT, not everything I can get you. There's a difference. I will always be able to get you what you want. Ask and I will get you. That's my parenting style. Multiply what you want times 10, I can buy them... BUT I am not rich.
.
.

There's a type of parenting where your kids think you're rich because you give them everything... but you are the adult and you know you are not rich.

Have that conversation with them. They need to be in tune with reality, yea? No fancy delusions.

Tell them about the financial sacrifices you need to make to give them a premium life.

Even though you all look peng, that's because you, as the parent, are making some major compromise to keep them peng - as you should. 

Personally, I wanted to travel to five cities this year and stay, at least, two months in each city, so I spend as little time in Nigeria as possible...

Instead, I moved to Accra as the most affordable option of staying away from Nigeria and epileptic everything.

Why?

Because even though I could afford my trips, something else would suffer - providing a premium life for my girls. 

Now... if you can't travel to five countries, and also provide premium lifestyle for your kids at the same time, then you're not rich nah!

That's middle class.

The entire idea behind middle class is wealth that has to meet selected needs to the detriment of other needs. 

Well, you can say the whole strata of life is based on compromise or concession. 

Now, this is where the worth of the compromise comes in.

I didn't say I was sacrificing paying rent in Ikorodu so my kids could buy nice shoes. 

No.

I said five trips to cities around the world dumped, so I can meet certain financial obligations for my children's future.

For a rich parent, it could be dumping the idea of owning property in Milan for now so the kids can go to Columbia university... something like that. 

There are levels to this thing.

My point is: Don't give your kids a false reality of your/their lives.

They need to stay grateful and have a good understanding of life, so they can make better decisions for themselves when the time comes.

I'm doing the best I can, and that's what matters. 
.

And oh! Do not present another person's wealth as yours... or make them believe they have access to it (even if they do). Don't get them too excited. 

They need to learn contentment.

E.g: "Chinedu! Your father's brother has xxx money oo! Go and meet him!"

What's your child's fvcking business with what his father's brother has? 

If his father doesn't have it, then it's not important. Anything else in your kid's life is a windfall and should be treated with the best regard and gratitude that come with getting a surprise gift. 

Dignity, my people. 

Help your children by bringing them up better than you turned out (and a lot of you turned out pretty bad as regards to having dignity and self worth).

Simple.