# Rant1716


July 20, 2019

Fear is a commercially viable enterprise. 

It is employed, by society, as the best form of advertisement to get people to buy into cultural norms, social behaviour and stereotypes with little resistance.

Fear is the biggest weapon in Religion.

"Give your life OR perish in hellfire."

Fear.
.
.

We also find Fear in other popular social activities like Marriage.

"If you don't stop being independent and smart and driven... you will not find (an average) man to marry."

Fear.
.
.

It is the easiest form of manipulation. And people who are not very smart employ it all the time. 

I met one of those people in Ghana.

During my house-hunting in May, I met one landlord who became a stalker. 

A relatively powerful niggaa in Ghana. 

He liked me immediately he saw me.

And he wanted me.

This was hilarious to me, as it was boring. 

Why would I want to date the landlord of an apartment I want to rent??? 

You'll have to buy me a duplex in my name with documents in my care, all due processes observed, before I will consider making you a side nigga.

I ignored all his lite advances. I met him only once, with Roberta.

Just once. Yet he managed to invade my space.

His best tool of affection was FEAR.

First, he said he didn't want a Nigerian, and as a man of power (in Accra), he had many videos of unruly Nigerian men in police custody. 

Fear of association. 
.
.

Secondly, he tried to sell a really gloomy life in Accra for a woman without male supervision. 

Fear of loneliness.

Still, I didn't budge. I wanted the apartment.

So he asked for references. He wanted to know who I was working for...

My boss graciously came to see him.

Still he wanted more.

The Boyfriend had a one-day meeting in Accra a few days later, and decided to meet with the landlord to allay his worries.

He handed the landlord his business card.

And according to The Boyfriend, the landlord nodded and said...

"Ah! She knows big men. Interesting."

The Boyfriend, as the incurable snob that he is, did not say a word to try to convince the landlord . He despised him at first sight 😂

"He was very disappointed that you weren't a helpless damsel in need of shelter and food and clout. Sick men everywhere. I don't like him at all," The Boyfriend told me later.

So while I was contemplating whether to let go of the place and continue my search for a home in Accra...

The landlord called me one afternoon to say that he had given the place to someone else.

Fear of loss.
.

He knew I was desperate to get a place. He had employed different brands of Fear...

He wanted me so badly to want him, to rely on him, to acknowledge his importance and status...

But apart from basic respect, I refused to give him the power he wanted, which he tried to acquire through Fear.

So he said he rented the place to someone else.

"That is unfair," I said. 

This served as an opening for him to employ another brand of Fear...

Fear of contrition. 

"You see, my dear, I was going to..." he was about to say.

"It's fine," I interrupted him, "Thank you and goodbye."

I ended the call.
.
.

My people, I am not exaggerating when I say this nigga called me back 30 times.

You've already rented the apartment, abi? So why was he still calling?

It was a moment to sell another brand of Fear, which he did.

He sent a WhatsApp message:

"It would be very difficult for you to find a nice place in Accra. Let me help you."

I didn't respond. 

Two days later, he flooded my WhatsApp with repentance and apology. 

He was sorry for renting it out to someone else. He wants to help me. He has other bigger and finer houses. He wants to help me. He doesn't want me to navigate the "storms" of Accra alone. He wants to help me.

Ugh!!!

"I want to help you" is the chorus of every misogynist. 

Who asked you for help?

What is help?

What the fvck is "help"?

I blocked him on WhatsApp. 

Then he resumed his frequent calls that I never pick.

This is a man with a lot of properties ooo! WTH!!

The calls stopped for weeks, then I got an inbox message on Facebook...

"Wow. I found you here. So I was dealing with an excellent mind this whole time. Please, I am sorry. Please pick my call."

I blocked him.
.

Fast forward to last week...

I had forgotten I saved his name as "landlord". I assumed I was speaking to the brother of my landlady who acts as caretaker...

Not until he said, " Am I forgiven now?" 

I realised I was talking to that nigga. 

I blocked his lines.
.
.

You may think I am tough on him. But men like him... after months of dying for your attention and affection, if you are unfortunate enough to give it to them...

Their only ambition would be to make you pay.

At this moment, he feels a slice of shame, of flagellation. 
With his big cars and big houses, one Nigerian woman mocked him with her constant rejection of him.

He is not in love. He is dangerously obsessed. And he cannot wait to punish me.

If I leave communication open between us, he's the type to do just about anything for me...

But in return, he must attempt, with all his might, to crush my self-dignity. 

That's how it works.

I know his type. 

I could do the Russian roulette with him, but I'm bored. And he ain't cute enough. 

The end.