# Rant1693



July 7, 2019

I can hear my neighbours getting ready for their Sunday activities...

My curtains slightly open to bless my day with the morning sun.

I see them in crisp clothing - children in colourful weekend uniform. Boys with same coloured shirts, girls with similar ribbons to the hair.

The frenzy of getting late.

The excitement of family.

I want none of it.
.

I am sitting in my dining room, writing a script... and I am so grateful I do not have their lives.

It's amazing, isn't it?

I'm sure they look at me with concern - you know, this woman living all alone in a house meant for a whole family... she must be terribly lonely.

And I am here thinking - Gosh! I don't want their life at all.

I am here clutching on to the life I have created, ready to fight any culture, any religion, any mindset or norm that will make me become what everyone wants to be.
.

I remember how much I used to cringe when I see husband and wife dressed alike, holding on to chatty children dressed like smart toys, heading to wherever in Lagos...

Or when I see a family at a restaurant - children everywhere, father on his phone, mother trying to calm the kids or force a drink down the throat of a younger child, with an evil eye for the nanny who is trying her best to keep the kids still with one hand as she eats her chicken with another hand.

That's middle class.

The lower class all wear similar ankara fabric in different styles... standing at the bus stop, waiting for a bus. The sun licking the sheen off the woman's skin. The heat making the father sweat, and the children restless.

The general discomfort of raising a family.

Especially for the woman who gets nothing out of it - not even the decency of allowing the children bear her last name.

I think about the activity of family... and i just want to go under my duvet and sleep. 

I have no interest in that life.
.
.

Yesterday I had this really cool phone conversation with a man all night. We had to drag ourselves off the phone. It was that deep. 

The call ended by 1.35am in the morning.

And afterwards, he still sent a message on WhatsApp, and we chatted for another 15 minutes. 

When the conversation progressed, of course at some point, the usual take on marriage happened.

And I said...

"I do not know of another black woman who disapproves of marriage like I do. The entire concept seems more ridiculous to me every waking day."

I believe marriage is something humans will evolve out of.

They'd look back in another two centuries and wonder... what the fuck was that all about?

What is love? 
What is the idea of loving one person or being able to express affection to only one person for the rest of your life? 
What's the idea of your feelings being monitored, censored constantly?
What's the idea of being someone's property and having access to their bodies as a sole property owner?

And marriage...

What is the benefit of marriage for the new woman?

Regular sex? Joint account?

Everything you can get in it, you can get out of it with less stress.

It's all social constructionism, at best.

At worst, it's all a performance. 

This blockbuster human performance on 3D.