# Rant1773



August 24, 2019

The finale of Mad Men…

Pete Campbell became very wealthy, with private jets at his disposal. He didn’t want to enjoy this alone, so he asked his ex-wife to come back to him. Together, with their little daughter, they travelled the world.

Roger dated Marie – a woman as old as he is. And he was happy. Roger had spent his life with younger women. Being with Marie was the most surprising union. They travelled the world, argued affectionately, and had great sex.

Peggy Olson found love. The hardest working copywriter, who’s been in and out of relationships that had no rhythm, finally found love. Sweet.

Joan Harris left her boyfriend and started her own production company.

Betty has a few months to live, and she does not want to make a fuss about it. She reads her papers, smokes her cigarettes and goes to class. She is dying of lung cancer, but she is unafraid.

And Don Draper… He came up with the biggest Ad concept at the time for Coca-Cola. And while Coca-Cola and the agency enjoyed the rewards of his art, Draper was long gone in search of tranquillity – away from the excitement, the uproar, the glitz of New York and the trappings of life.

.

.

And this, my people, are different endings to different people.

Life led them to the place they really wanted to go.

Peggy always wanted love. 
Roger always thought his younger women weren’t as exciting as he’d like his women to be. 
No matter how rich or relevant Joan had become, she always suffered the worse attack of sexism. She wanted to be in control of her narrative.
And Draper always never fit in anywhere.
.

With this submission, it brings me to what I always say…

We all cannot want the same things in life.

We can’t!

Any society where everyone is on social media acting like they want the same things is a society that has lost the beauty and intrigue of its BEING.

Stop telling people what they should want.

And stop thinking they lack ambition because they do not want a million euros. 
For some, value at work is more important than owning a yatch. Respect that!

Don was the most creative person on the bloc. But none of the fame or money made him happy. He slept with many women, tried to see if his happiness was stuck in their vaginae. But it wasn’t.

He suffered two divorces. He gave his second wife a million dollars just so she wouldn’t feel like a victim…

And every time he gave away a chunk of himself and his physical worth, he was happier. He wanted something…

He wanted aloneness. Away from the mental bustle.

That was his big picture.
.

For Pete, his big picture was getting richer.

For Roger, it was Marie – the force of character and nerve of the older woman.
.

This is life. Our needs are very different.

And that is why life is beautiful.

✌