# Rant1767

August 21, 2019

People lose their jobs in Nigeria because they "forget" to call the boss's wife "Ma".

The husband - your silly boss - will be fuming in his chair like a crab on heat.

😂😂😂

This is 2019 and workers are sacked for referring to someone by their name?!

Azzin... their birth name oo!

I mean, I've witnessed this before. Many people have.

Yet we are all on social media sounding woke. 🤣😂

What does it take to be woke? 

Recognize the conversation of the day. Understand the defining spirit and mood of the moment, then pretentiously align yourself with it.

Viola! Your cocktail is served.

It's probably the easiest thing to be - woke.
.
.

Your intelligence, your smarts, your smart work, your willingness to put your career first, your dedication to work and ability to deliver all means nothing to the Nigerian employer.

You will come to understand this as an employee in Nigeria working the "one-man" business.

One man business is when it takes one man - his spasmodic anger and his fluctuating insecurity - to make you lose your job.

Deep down, what Nigerians really desire is subservience.

They think they want loyalty. Loyalty would mean telling the truth. 

Loyalty would say, "Nigga, what is wrong with you? Why is "ma" such an important title for your wife? She's just 12! And calling 'ma' upandan isn't a sign of respect. It's pretentious culture. Don't be like this."

Brute and conventional in real life, woke on social media.

Wehdone, sah!
Twale, ma!

Why do you think 'areaboy' is a phenomenon in Lagos?

The ability to shower praises with very little desire to work. Powered by one of Nigeria's big entrepreneurs - Jagaban.

That's the Nigerian entrepreneurial space in a nutshell.
.
.

The only way to preserve your dignity is not to work for them.

The moment they employ you and pay you salary... you are trash.

We all know this.

And so that people are not treated like trash, people start their own businesses everywhere in every tiny kiosk and space in Nigeria, losing the opportunity to contribute their talent to established organizations.
.

The opportunities we lose in Nigeria because we refuse to "bend a knee" is alarming.

But we are here, thriving.

Because it is not our job to create and/or feed monsters.