# Rant1795


September 7, 2019

My father had this big ass mansion at the bank of the ocean - abi na sea, in a very poor community. 

We were surrounded by Ilaje fishermen and their families living in shanties. 

They were not our security guards or drivers. They were our neighbours.

The main occupation was fishing, they also packed sand from boats.

We were surrounded by poverty. 

My father had a fleet of cars. 
Our neighbours woke up to the smell of my father's bakery bread - fresh, hot and delicious.
They saw vans from Nigeria Breweries come and go every other week after spending the entire day loading his warehouse with drinks.

And in all my life growing up in the 80s and early 90s, the entire stretch of our neighbours - over 15 immediate shanties, never stole from us or even looked at us in ways to assume that we were special. 

They would have loved our lives, of course, but they did not have it. 

Their reaction to our wealth was to mind their business.

Maybe one or two of the older sons of the fishermen came looking for jobs... maybe they got to work at my father's bakery or bar or pool (betting) offices or restaurants, I don't know.

But what I do know was...

Our neighbours were decent human beings. 

Not just our neighbours, but the zeitgeist appeal of that era was unmistakenly dignified. 

Nigerians weren't as decomposed of values as we have presently.

My parents used to advice us to take walks to the bus stop. Nobody looked at us any special than they would any other kid.

We weren't special. We weren't different from them...

We just had more money than they did.
.

I miss the spirit of that era.

And I am trying to bring up my children with that defining process in mind. 
.

Why do you think it was possible to exist side-by-side poverty?

My father didn't have police guards, no alarm on our doors, not even a security guard with a stick!

The entrance to our house was so big, we used to call it the gate of heaven 😂

That gate was always open and we weren't robbed.
.

Now question: Why do you think it was so?

The answer: There was no proclamation to Hustle.

One word has desecrated our lifestyle since the 2000s.

Hustle. 

And when you think about it, hustle hasn't improved lives. 

You are all still poor as a people. 

So what really has "hustle" done for you?

It has made you more desperate, envious, bitter,  delusional, angry. You have lost focus. You are insanely covetous. 

And then it gives you a tip for all your pain. 

It makes you believe that tip was what you got for being a hustler.
.

You wouldn't have to "hustle" if you understand that "work" as a word is sufficient for what you do.

"Work" comes with all the benefits of "hustle", and none of the demerits. 

What we really need to tell people is "work hard, work smart". They don't need to be badgered to "hustle".

The negative connotation overwhelms any positives.

I was getting into that whole rot at a time, then I snapped out of it.

I am better than this shit. I am not a hustler.

I work. I grow brands as a creative strategist. I am top management. I earn well. And within my office structure, I run independent businesses supported by the company based on my skills which my boss greatly admires.

On the side, I work for Nollywood's best, earning premium as a screenwriter. When I'm done with my directing classes, I start my own production and produce series and movies.

That's work.

Why isn't work a good way to describe what we do anymore? 🤷🏽‍♀️