# Rant1414


January 4, 2019

My day started at 5.30am.

"The boyfriend" was at my door, asking that we go jogging.

Faaack!

Niggaaa ain't taking no for an answer.

So I get up and wear my Nike on my feet, and Getfit waist trainer around my waist 😂😂

He actually wanted to talk.

So we walked and talked.
.

We get back by 7:15am.

He grabs a bottle of cold water from my fridge, plants a kiss on my cheek as he is about to leave, and tells me to...

"Think about it".

I nod out of courtesy.
.

I collapse on my sofa, bring out my phone and start tracking all my workers.

Write Culture - check

Stage play rehearsals - check

Graphic designs - check

TAAC - double check, yo!

Now I can face my own clients.

I'm waiting for a WhatsApp call from Omoni, as I open my laptop to continue writing Season 3 of City Crimes for Emem Isong.
.

The kids finally wake up (I picked them up yesterday from their grandma's).

Ife grabs a novel.

Jolly grabs one of her teddy bears she won in a Dubai competition for kids last year.

We banter for a minute and I resume working and picking a hundred calls from Imarhia, Admin Exec at TAAC.

I like her. I think she is perfect for my vision at TAAC. I've been lucky with my employees. Everyone knows their boundaries and gets the job done.
.

Ife looks at me amid my early morning work chaos - writing with one hand and giving instructions on the phone with another.

She asks, "You are a Boss Lady, aren't you?"

I'm staring at her like... girl, how do you know these things. Lol!

"What's a boss lady?" Jolly asks.

"A woman in charge. A woman in control," Ife says.

"That's a Boss nah. Why not just call her 'Boss', why add 'Lady'? Boss is boss," Jolly insists.

Hey God! 😂😂😂

Ife rolls her eyes at her 🤣

"You are a Boss Lady, right?" She asks again.

"Is that a new term you discovered in one of your novels?" I tease.

She giggles and shrugs.

"I don't know. I'm not a Boss Lady, I'm an Accidental Entrepreneur," I respond.

"Ha! Which one is that again?" Jolly leaves her mouth open.

I check the calendar. School resumes on Sunday.

Holiday is over! Coman be going! 🤣🤣🤣