# Rant195


December 12,  2019

I am here to remind the universe (and myself) that I will not send any 15/16 year old child of mine to a university - whether in Africa or Europe.

It will not happen.

I will not have all the information that I have... my depth of knowledge, yet live in a manner or make decisions that do not reflect the privilege of grey matter.
.

After secondary school, I will have the rare opportunity to actually have my child in my space without the distraction of traditional schooling. 

More important education will take place.

She'll intern in offices that I will carefully select. I will take her to work. She will attend professional events. Learn skills that will reward her financially. 

We will travel together. 

I am currently arranging my own life schedule to make this transition to momager flawless. 

Being a momager (and not just a mum) also makes me accountable to her, which gives her responsibilities too.

In that process, we will analyse social  behaviours.

She will read other types of books apart from academic books or novels.

She will become a student of life.

I will not throw a 15/16 year old child into the den because society expects a series of academic pursuits to happen within a period of time, so that she can come out and get a job.

It's so ridiculous how this pattern has lasted this long.

We all should know, by now, that life does not have to ape conventions.

There are no standards to happiness or success. Just follow your convictions.

Life will make way for you as long as you have a plan. 

I have a plan.