# Rant1500


February 12, 2019

I will suggest that you approach your own life with the wisdom of a keen observer.

It is the out-of-body experience.

It will save you, especially if you are one that operates from a level of raw passion for your work, your love life, your projects and your pursuits.

Step out of the situation you are in and analyse it as an observer from a distance.

It gives you clarity. It allows you have a less bias opinion of yourself...

But most importantly, it heals you.

I'll explain. 

Take the entire cake situation for instance. 

I observed it from a distance with the eye of a god, looking down at mere mortals trying to crush a woman called Joy.

In that out-of-body moment, everything looked ridiculous. Everyone looked stupid.

How do you gather over 400 people to try and crush ONE woman?

It only means one thing... you are afraid of her. 

Your out-of-body experience will help you see it for what it is:

They are afraid of your power. 
They want it crushed.
They need to silence you.
They will do anything to try and make you feel less of who you are.

This clarity can only come when you step out of your own body to review the life that you are living OR the comments of others about you.

With the analysis of the cake from my out-of-body moment...

I began to feel special, exceptional, powerful.

These people gave me too much power. 

I didn't even know I was worth very much until an entire community came after me, then I had to step out of myself to analyze my own power... my own magic.

The out-of-body experience. 

They were the ones who made me realise I could do anything and be anything.

They made me a god.

Their hate and fear made me realise I was not ordinary by any measure. 

As one who hates to waste an opportunity, I grabbed it and walked in that power.

I became fully aware of my strength because hate is the greatest motivation there is.

Love is cute. But love will drown you in sweet lies.
.

The out-of-body experience works in every situation. 

If your heart is broken, for instance...

Look at the situation like a third party watching it from a distance. 

You are able to move on faster when you can step out of your own body and watch the drama you feature in... and how you react to everything around you.

Live out of yourself. It helps you do greater things. It helps you analyse things for the substance that they are really worth - nothing more or less...

And it recognizes your power to live wholly like a god.

What crushes others and drives them into a hole, only empowers you and turns you to Thanos.

Live out of your body.

You'll accomplish so much more.

Try it in the office. Try it with your lover. Try it with your friends or family. 

Most of all, try it with those as*holes who think they can knock you down.

They don't know that 99% of what you are is supernatural. 

They don't know.

You're welcome.