# Rant1455


January 18, 2019

Musing, actually...
.

Something went really wrong with one of my products today. 

Roberta wanted to cry.

I just sat there on my swivel chair with a small smile.

I told her to take off half the person's salary who was directly responsible for this faux pas.

Now I can use that half of his money to fix the problem. Simple.

Then I told her to call the people who had paid for the product and ask if they can give a week to fix the branding OR I can send them back their money immediately. 

They all said, "I understand. I can wait a week. Send my regards to Joy."

Then I asked Roberta, what other actions do we need to take to give us a little more time to fix this?

I lose money in the process of working with artisans in Nigeria.

S.h.i.t happens.

I kuku know I am not travelling this year.

I took a gamble - use your money and travel all of 2019... OR invest substantially in the things you love - Art (stage plays, short films, unorthodox ideas, writing, creating).

I gave up film school for everything I am doing now. I have given up all the places I planned to revisit - Dubai, London, New York, Houston.

I set up Write Culture. I produce my stage plays and short films under Write Culture. We started the year very bright. Three clients already paid for scripts. And these are TV series, which means they will be back for Season 2, 3, 4, 5!

Then I set up TAAC. 

TAAC! Ah! My heart beats everytime I think about TAAC.

We have had 127 people reach us (calls and emails) since we started 3 weeks ago.

We started our first online class last week.

Our first physical class is holding next Monday.

We have 21 registered students already.
.

Then Nzuri came up. And people have already paid for 20 products in less than 24 hours. 

I don't know what I'm doing sincerely. 

I'm just LIVING.

I am not desperate to win or worried I'd lose.

I'm not in that vain space at all.

I don't care how anything turns out.

I'm giving life my very best, but that's all it gets. 

It doesn't get to suggest my mood or happiness based on the activities or the results in the things I build. 

I am capable of building and destroying. 

I am capable of getting dressed to present my art with corporate appeal, and I am capable of rolling my pajamas and writing two scripts on my bed every month without leaving my home.

I have won already. Walking in heels to a fancy office OR folded legs in bed with a laptop.

I've won.

So I'm just here, responding to crisis like it is nothing. I have conditioned my mind, from the start of this madness to project my Art and my brilliance as an unorthodox teacher, NOT to let anything get to me.

So here I am, living how I promised myself. 

I'm not getting one wrinkle because of anything I have built.

I have already made the sacrifice of giving my entire 2019 to building something for this raging Art inside of me, dying for expression.

I've sacrificed damp soft sands of a beach with clean blue ocean somewhere overseas. I've sacrificed breathtaking views from a 5-star hotel in places that look like paradise.... Quiet walks in places where you can kiss a lover without shame... Places that make you feel invisible and invincible - giving you the power to live out your wildest dreams, and the power to feel immortality for the beauty that it brings.

I've sacrificed all for 2019.

So all I'm going to do is spin my chair, work out damage control, and go have myself a glass of Baileys.

Tsk.

Tomorrow is another day to do it all over again...

This time backed by some experience.

I'm just here longing for a getaway, missing someone, and kinging at my Art.

It'll all come together. 

Maybe not.

Whatever.