# Rant1417


January 5, 2019

If you live on the mainland, you must have heard of street soothsayers who approach people and ask to share their future.

My mum has a store on the mainland and once in a while they come to her gate, sharing visions of her future. 

I'm not sure how it works, but being a woman of a certain era, she believes their prophesies hold some truth.

You are expected to show financial appreciation for their spiritual prowess.
.

I remember, years back, I was shopping with the kids at Ikeja Mall. We went to one of the restaurants for lunch. 

One so-called seer walked in, had the audacity to sit on our table uninvited, and proceeded to talk crap about "a special man coming into your life".

"Ma'fren! Will you get the fack out of my space?!" I remember a grain of rice flying out of my nose. That was how upset I was.

Because they think women are desperate. And many of them, through dubious experiences, can tell if a woman isn't draggged down by patriarchy shackles, and they immediately conclude she must be feeling out of place without dem shackles. And they approach you with that balderdash of "finding a man"... Like they are about to give you the keys to the garden of Eden.

My kids were so young then, so it was really distressing to have a strange man occupying a seat on our table. I hated how vulnerable it made me feel.

I looked him dead in the eye and told him to get lost.
.
.

Every other month, my mum asks "how far?"

So a few days ago, she asked again...

"How far?"

"How far with what?" I reply, slightly irritated, 'cos I know where this is heading to.

"Any suitors?"

"Plenty."

"You don't like anyone?"

"I like a few. I will date and have sex with one, at least."

"Hian," she would exclaim, "Your generation is so different from my own."

"As it should be."

"It would be good if you got married."

"It would be good if I travel and go shopping."

"What are you saying, what am I saying?!" She hissed.

"Just saying that there are many interesting ways to live. Marriage is not one of them."

"According to you."

"Exactly."

The room was getting hot at this point. Mysterious heat and discomfort from nowhere. Lol!

"I don't want you to grow old alone."

"I can tell you for a fact that Nigerian married women are lonelier than single women. But we are not comfortable with truth."

"Just be happy."

"If I am happier than this then I might actually stop walking on floors. I'll start floating. I am at the peak of happiness. I am shamelessly happy. I don't even give a farting fack about anything."

"Ok."

"I am creating real content. Do you know how amazing that is? That is real happiness. You can never be lonely with Art."

She shrugged.

Then she told me of a street soothsayer who came knocking on the gate of her shop recently. 

She was bored so she was glad with the company. She asked him a few questions, which he answered with spiritual accuracy 😂

Then she asked...

"Will my daughter get married?"

He was quiet for a minute...

Then he laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed so hard that my mum was uncomfortable 🤣🤣🤣🤣 

He only laughed. He gave no answers.

I think I like him. He sees well 💅